one hello Joe I am negative I know your
positive person I'm a positive person
life is good but the test is negative
which that's always what you want to
hear after a medical test yeah basically
the test is now I'm trying to think is
there anyone where you want to hear the
results were positive I think you always
want to hear yeah this one came up
negative yeah how come no diseases ever
make us better yeah how come I can't get
hit with gamma radiation right and
spider-man every time I get mad at
somebody just Hulk out but you know they
never sure like everyday things with the
Hulk like suppose he's in a car right
now your car the Hulk just grew tore up
your car in a Hello state farm yeah
you're not gonna believe what just
happened to my car the concept of the
hawk that's on all the time annoys the
shit out of me you know that he's the
Hulk now constantly 24 hours yeah yeah
and then he's smart hope come on he's so
he's Bruce Banner all the time he's
Bruce Banner but he's also the Hulk I am
I'm fuck we were talking about reading
which is what I'm doing that and I got
this book it's like 10 years of the Hulk
it's like a thousand pages of Hulk
armies a 10-year run and the story is
it's great it's the grey Hulk who was
smart but not like the movie one but he
was smarter than a regular one are you
feeling he would only change at night
like a vamp like a werewolf yeah so it's
hooked like hey this is how much free
time I have Joe they probably missed
Mark Ruffalo's acting he's such a good
actor yeah they didn't have enough room
for him to just I mean there's so many
people in that movie right you got
Captain America you got all these
fucking people you got Iron Man
he probably probably like Mark Ruffalo's
I'm just not talking enough yes most the
time we need him as the Hulk so I got an
idea right yes honey
Mark Ruffalo the Hulk all the time the
Hulk has glasses now he has fucking
laugh it's so ridiculous no the whole
idea is supposed to be that he's a
really smart guy and
he's basically a model monster with a
limited strength like unlimited power
talks like Hulk smash right he's that
smart right like in the Thor movie where
he's working as a fighter and he has
like a room and he's he's taking baths
and stuff like that was that movie
Ragnarok and he didn't see that one you
didn't see that one yeah where the Hulk
is a fighter he's like a gladiator
but he's treated like a hero and he has
all the gladiator stuff you know and
it's like and Hulk wouldn't be doing
that like the Hulk would just be
smashing and destroying yeah I need to
watch that one but that's see I didn't
see this movie
damn loz dope oh it's fun yeah that's no
this is one of the funny ones man you
got to see that one so the Hulk goes to
battle spoiler alert with Thor yeah he
looks like a gladiator and Thor ends up
on the island and Thor ends up in the
ring with him but it's dumb Hulk right
dumb hopes good home you know nah he's
not fully done he's not as he's not
scientist hope but he's smart enough to
hold conversations what a mismatch that
would be if it was real fucking kidding
me Thor just well axe I don't how much
did you how much Marvel were you into
growing up like DC that much but those
giant Marvel guy cuz I was a big Marvel
guy and I tell people one of the big
things and they brought it up in the
First Avenger movie and this was a
storyline I remember this the Hulk could
never fight Thor because they were both
so strong they would destroy the planet
cuz like the Hulk's the Hulk's strength
was unlimited cuz the matter he got the
stronger he got right and Thor is a God
which is something they never play in
the movies but in the comic books every
now and then Thor would remind him like
I'm a god yeah I could destroy the whole
planet like that's but my dad is the guy
and that's the problem if he's a god
then what the fuck is Captain Marvel cuz
that chick Trump's at right yeah she
comes down and everybody's gonna sit the
fuck down yeah Captain Marvel is the
number one so yeah she's the most
powerful although gonna save the world
you call her in that last one like when
the hope when I mean when Thor went to
where he got the new axe made yes
that was like he was like controlling a
son right when
like powerful you know it's really and
and this is what I love and this is what
what why women laugh at us because we're
having this discussion it's also what
makes what is the the the really pretty
girls named Black Widow but she's just
kicks ass right she's asleep our ship
chenko hanging out with Iron Man
Valentin Shevchenko's UFC strawweight
champion uh-huh that's what it's like
and the other thing is she shoot like
she has a gun but no one they fight can
be killed with bullets I'm sorry she's a
flyweight champion sister only yeah no
one can be killed bullets and how about
the dude Jeremy Renner's character right
Hawkeye he's got a bow and arrow yeah
that is ridiculous he has a lot of
special arrows like you fighting aliens
with and you got a bow and arrow it's
like man you've skipped generations of
weapons technology it's amazed at that
that's the super power imbalance the
super power is so crazy you can have a
guy with a bow and arrow or the fucking
Hulk right rock guy has no superhuman
powers with the exception of the period
when using primm particles to become
Goliath okay whatever dorks hey he's the
very peak of human conditioning sure is
he's an exceptional fencer Acrobat and a
grand master marksman having been
trained from childhood in a circus by
the criminals trick shot and oh boy well
I'm a big jeremy renner fan I like that
guy a lot however we have to be
realistic about superpowers you got the
Hulk on one hand you got Captain Marvel
on another hand and a dude who's like an
acrobat yeah Hawkeye good at shootin
shit I think Hawkeyes limit is fighting
crime right like criminals
Hawkeye could take down but when
superpowers and aliens and stuff come in
that's when you gotta gotta make some
phone calls but I just can't by aliens
coming at you and you're shooting them
with a bow and arrow I just know they
came here from the planet to show a bow
and arrow
yeah who else well well Captain America
like he's just really strong yeah but
we're human yes superhuman strength part
of an experiment right but he's like
bulletproof isn't he no no no he feels
really quick or something now he can be
hurt heal real quick No
what what's his name well our own
Wolverine heals instantly Captain
America had one of them jammies too not
like I don't think like Wolverine he
probably heals quicker or could take
more pain or something than most Captain
America okay has agility strength
agility strength speed endurance and
reaction time superior to any Olympic
athlete athlete who ever competed lol
the super-soldier formula that he has
metabolizes enhance all his bodily
functions to the peak of human
efficiency oh he ain't shit no Iron Man
could fuck peak right bodily functions
but that's it right you can't fuck with
Iron Man with that bullshit ass set of
skills yeah you're just a really strong
the movies not in that movie he's way
stronger than any person who's arrived
and he leader like it's the military
strategy guy I guess the most sculpted
yeah that face Ironman tells you who he
is yeah yeah billionaire playboy
philanthropist but I want the yeah I'm
gonna I'm gonna go Frank
I'm gonna go hole cook Thor those would
be my two in a fight mmm interesting
Captain Marvel comes down fucks them all
up she's badass
they gave her too many powers she almost
has she gave her everything except a
good movie that's true they keep fucking
her in the movie Department yeah her
movie was her movie was it like it
filled the story so you know who she was
but it wasn't that great you know and it
didn't match up with someone who has the
powers that she has like she look if
you're playing a game and the game's
good guys versus the bad guys on your
good guy side you want to have like
you'd be like real pumped if one person
had way more power than anybody who's
ever lived that's her right or you would
just you'd wait to play that card yeah
you know you'd like let people know like
hey don't let me have to pull
Marvel ecto me they'll ever have to wake
her up right cuz if she comes down here
everybody but here's the thing like they
they can't figure out a way to make a
good movie with that I don't know I mean
again the movie was was alright but it
wasn't it wasn't great it didn't show
she tapped out boy she is that's why
she'd have to have a boy like remember
when Wonder Woman Wonder Woman had a
boyfriend yeah people liked it better
there's a regular soldier got the fuck
Wonder Woman right remember and you know
what no one would believe you yeah you'd
have to shut up about that fucking
Wonder Woman looking up Captain Marvel's
powers and a little question popped up
who is the strongest Marvel hero yeah do
you know the strongest I would eat beef
Captain Marvel or so cool I thought I
would be a thora Hulk it says also in
the destroyer which I've never heard of
but it says Hercules and I didn't know
like a few comic books but he's not
Hercules Hercules ain't considered part
of the Marvel Universe right Stanley
didn't create Hercules exactly like by
the way why would you have Hercules in a
comic book
that's a I do I do lately remember
Hercules being in some Marvel comics but
but now he didn't I don't think he
counts they didn't create him he got
lucky with Thor leave it at that
yeah stole one god you can't steal any
other mythical character right and and
it was cool with Thor because in the
comic books he was human too right he
had like a human form and then he would
turn into Thor did he yeah in the comic
books he had a human form I don't
remember that but but you know you would
think that someone else could make a
Thor movie like why can't they make a
Thor movie like an origin movie about
Thor that God couldn't be mine
they might they have one's ever done
that isn't having done it yet but who
knows they had some movies where people
pretend they're in the clouds and they
pretend they're yeah don't they pretend
they're that that you know they're gods
there's been some God movies right right
was it Brad
it one wasn't what's there wasn't there
Brad Pitt when there were the guards
like Achilles or something like that
wasn't there some imagining this I
believe there was a movie where a bunch
of people Troy Troy yeah and then they
had those um what would they call Titans
or something there was like some they
did a couple of movies where these guys
were where they were gods
I think Liam Neeson was in it and they
were like playing with humans humans
were like their entertainment yes yes
yeah yeah yeah Titans yeah maybe it was
that Clash of the Titans was uh they did
a couple of those right they didn't want
yeah the one that's from you know like
way way back in the days hilarious to
watch now Oh anything with special
effects from back in the day except you
know you know what still holds up though
Godzilla it does let me find old
Godzilla movies like Godzilla was like
he's still badass you know there was
just something about Godzilla that it
was that yeah he holds up his old movies
are good and the new Godzilla is good
well they figured out how to make those
Godzilla movies like when we were doing
stop-motion animation
they were like hmm why don't you just
have a dude in the Godzilla suit and
then they just and then make everything
else smaller yeah they just had to like
a little New York or a little Tokyo and
this dude and the Godzilla suit running
around it's actually for the time like
really good special effect oh yeah yeah
that yeah Godzilla movies were great
like that and he fought Lin they they
would just come up with all these
different monsters but in the fight yes
giant moth dama remember gamma camera
that was a woman spun around I was like
the turtle that spun around yeah a
spinning turtle that shot rays out of
his legs you know what those were those
were good drugs Joe you can't get those
drugs now where you just sit around and
say man what if we had a spinning turtle
Saturday afternoon every week they would
what was there was like destroy all
monsters it was some kind of monster
Liam yeah oh this is this the old one No
yeah wow that looks great yeah look at
the special effects actually pretty
fucking good special effects especially
I mean if you want to see a movie today
that was like that you'd be mad oh you
can't believe how fake they made it look
but back then this was awesome what else
buildings what are you laughing Jamie I
think they're miniatures and silly like
that but it's zooms in on this face and
it looks awesome it's like looking at
the first Star Wars now like when you
look at the first Star Wars now you're
like oh come on but back then it was
like man this is bad I know it's
terrible yeah the first Star Wars is
terrible like the special effects at
least right it just looks so fake like
even the cantina scene where they went
in there and all the guys wearing a mask
face is frozen open yeah man they did
what they could back then yeah they I
mean its technology right yeah that like
the other day they were doing all the
Jurassic Park movies and we were talking
about when the first Jurassic Park like
when the first dinosaur came out that
was badass like it was like wow that
looks like a dinosaur late you know
and then they had like expressions yeah
and all of that you know that that was
yeah the first Jurassic Park when those
kids were in that truck yeah and the
t-rex comes over the top holy shit was
that awesome there's one of the greatest
scenes in any when he looks in the truck
and he blinks yes you know yeah yeah
well when when they realized that the
goat is missing that they had that goat
tied up and they realized the goat is
missing and then they hear that you hear
that although and you know I hate to be
this guy but but we did it like you ever
watch movies and just be like you you
pull out the holes in the logic yes
what's the logic the two kids would not
be with the lawyer yeah one the little
boy loved dinosaurs and he knew who the
dinosaur scientist was he'd have been in
that van true he would no way that two
kids would have been with the Lord
at least one of them would have been
with the scientists yeah for sure were
their parents in that movie no they were
with their grandfather and was the
grandfather the main scientist dude no
the grandfather was the old guy who
owned the thoracic cart right the old
guy who lived like Colonel Sanders right
right yeah yeah so it's like if your
grandfather created this park and he
hired this scientist you're like I'm
hanging out with the side even though he
didn't like kids
it'd be like my grandfather said that I
can ride with you Jeff Goldblum was the
sexy scientist yeah
Goldblum was great in all of them he was
just that great character that yeah you
bought it yeah especially the first one
yeah I love that drive faster
no no let's drive faster yeah the first
one when yeah he had some great points
you know about why'd you do this
it was just like you bought him right
you bought his science his science made
sense well he's you could tell he's
fucking smart as shit yeah you know so
when he's playing a guy who's smart shit
all right
although that is one situation when a
t-rex is chasing you that is one of
those situations where I don't have to
be faster than a t-rex I just got to be
faster than you yeah there's the goat
leg falls down yeah thoroughly on the
dinosaurs only have a total of 14
minutes of screen time of it perfect
well that's like an American Werewolf in
London one of the reasons why that
movie's so good is you barely see the
werewolf yeah when you do see it it's
amazing but you barely see where lashes
you're terrified of it I had a Rick
Baker in here he's the guy who did
American where alone he actually did
Star Wars too and he's saying that that
Catina scene that Cantina scene they did
they they threw that together on a like
a shoestring budget you just put a bunch
of mass he had laying around his studio
and put him on people and dress people
up and shit
but they when he did an American
Werewolf in London like they this was
like crazy operation where they had
hands they had fake hands stretched out
they had like they would put like
stop-motion of like skin where hey yes
the
would extend there was that scene where
his like his jaw yeah would ya you I
guess they had to do that
I forget how he said he did the hair I
forget how he said they did the hair
that they do it in Reverse they pull it
through or something only like that one
quick scene where you see it right I
think that was the ones he needs to do I
forget he explained how they did the
hair where the hair was coming out of
his skin his back and shit I think it
took a long last time though yeah but
you only see the whole transition is
pretty quick and then you only see the
werewolf for like split seconds you
don't see it very often
that's great cuz you know when they're
doing it they're like we don't know how
like in our mind yeah we see it but we
don't know how this is gonna work and
then you have to like you were talking
about the the artist who did it he has
to make that happen so the director is
like this is what I want and then you
have to figure out how to make that
happen
yeah so that when he sees it on film
he's like yeah but when you knew if you
nail it
then it's amazing yeah but if you do it
wrong then it's like I look at this
cheesy or you got to do it over again
but there's something about things you
don't only see in the dark there it
makes it better than like seeing it like
CGI obviously CGI really bright like
that doesn't scare you
like alien the movie alien yeah scared
the fuck out of you barely saw it you
bet like most of the motion is your
imagination yeah and and you're the and
that's the thing with the script and
everything else the anticipation of it
or the awareness of it but where is it
yeah versus a slasher movie where it's
just I'm just coming through and
chopping up people and we're versus like
Godzilla which although might be fun
it's like it's so clearly CGI you don't
have like a visceral react like if you
see a werewolf in an alleyway if a guy
drops his briefcase and looks up and he
sees a werewolf in the alleyway for like
a split second like Jesus and then it's
over like there's a scene in the
American Werewolf in London where you
literally see the werewolf for fractions
of a second it's one of the best scenes
in the movie where there's a guy in the
subway this businessman and he sees it
and you look at it you're looking at it
like the werewolf yeah he sees like oh
my
he starts running and you see this guy
running away and he's freaking the fuck
out he can't he's almost having a heart
attack and he gets on the escalator and
he drops his briefcase and and he's
looks down and just for a split second
you see the werewolves body move into
frame and then it shuts off and that's
the whole scene it's one of the best
things Gary it's one the best scenes in
the movie everything's dark and
mysterious it's when you when you get
real clear and it's obviously CGI it
doesn't scare you right we're also so
jaded yeah you know that we're so jaded
now that it's like after this how many
movies that are gonna be about us
quarantined some happened in the
quarantine that is for that you know and
it's yeah it's it takes more to scare
people now exactly you gotta be creative
it's a kind of it's a transitionary
point for us and it's kind of
interesting that the thing that caught
on the quickest when it all went down
was tiger king oh yeah this is the show
for a fucked-up quarantined world I have
two theories about tiger king it's like
either you watch tiger king and you feel
better about yourself you're just like
man this guy that's fucked up I'm not
you know thangka or you watching tiger
king you're like yeah that's about where
we are that's about where we are totally
hate him you don't totally hate Joe
exotic you get it I get it yeah you know
you you I mean what he did like he was
he was PT Barnum yes he was PT but like
he could have been PT Barnum if he if he
could have grown his idea but but that
that idea of just I'm just gonna keep
bullshitting people and just reinventing
myself and showing them this and and
people went for it yeah you know we just
wants attention so bad yeah that but
that whole thing yeah definitely a
phenomenon
I would I would love to see like what
people cuz it was worldwide what people
in other countries I would like to get
their opinion from us of tiger cuz
they've never seen you know a lot of
countries they've never seen anything
like that
you know I mean like in the United
States like especially if you've
traveled
the Midwest area or if you've been to
one of those you ever go to like the
low-budget circuses you know that not
the not the big ones but the ones that
last set up in carnivals carnival lot
yeah like we've seen that but people who
have no idea of that be I wonder what
their opinion would be there was one
that was near my house and I took a
picture of one of the one of the
rollercoaster rides they had set up yeah
and I put it on my Instagram page
because it was this janky ass fucked up
roller coaster that was on stacks of two
by fours right stacks operating it like
he built it I'm here with my friends and
everybody look at that look at that shit
yeah look at those stacks that's to
level it off right so that thing spins
around in a circle while it's on these
moveable stacks of wood oh yeah for a
bit of fucking earthquake hits or
something that thing's gonna go flipping
sideways and flying off I mean the fact
that let them do that in a park that is
crazy look at that and you just take
your kid and you just throw them on
there yeah a go ahead kid you'll be fine
what could go wrong nothing right now
and look at that one that one's over
they did it come on yeah and then you
well you know it's like people will go
in there to the tiger King thing and
like yeah I want my picture taken with a
tiger you know trust you how quickly
people got tired of Tiger king right now
even that we're talking about it people
are like still ya know it out like that
but that's that's about how something
goes yeah right and and if the thing
about it is when they were doing it even
when Netflix threw it out there cuz I
saw it like the first weekend because in
my newsfeed it came up and I was like
what the hell is this and I started five
minutes into it I'm like I gotta see
this right so I just watched the whole
thing but now that they had no idea it
was gonna be that big a hit and now
they're like okay what next you know I
mean like it's one of those things you
couldn't predict Tiger king would be a
hit oh yeah no way so so you'd be weird
the marketing or whatever people are
like what else
what can you do though those are the
ones you can't create that no they
caught lightning in the bottle is your
perfect time cuz it was they just
happened to be there with the bottle
right when the pandemic hit and it was
like what and then people just send text
to their friends you gotta fuckin watch
this yeah cuz everybody's at home right
at home and it was like it wasn't a
series it wasn't part of something else
it was like it stood alone as absolute
insanity and and fascinating yeah you
know it wasn't like a big marketing push
no did math mad because again once you
once you watched it I mean it you know
the guy with no legs was the most
reasonable guy on the show me the most
sense he seemed like a regular guy yeah
that poor guy yeah caught up in the
middle all that shit right whereas in
any other circumstance you'd be like
how'd you lose your legs on that show
didn't even come up like now we're good
you're fine when the one dude is sitting
there the guy that wants to be the
campaign manager he's sitting there
talking to exotic Joe's boyfriend when
exacto boyfriend blows his brains out
right like what in the fuck is this
oh my god like in the moment that'd be
like you and me talking and one of us is
playing with a gun and just sitting
close yourself and blows your brains out
it's damn yeah
goddamn people crazy but but again what
else you gonna do so Tiger king killed
some time and in the aftermath of Tiger
king killed some more time but then we
still got like six more weeks so what do
we do now I think we're supposed to be
May 15th right May 15 s can actually
yeah I think that's the latest projected
date but the governor just stopped
people from going to parks and beaches
well there was a new thing today yeah I
think you know you know what it is this
is my theory or like you we can't have
nice things
you know whenever they give us something
nice we don't not you know like a little
kid fuck you so nice and they break so
it's like okay we're gonna let you go to
the beach it's like no you're not
supposed to be playing volleyball and
lately like it like just you're supposed
to keep moving right you're supposed to
like walk or ride a bike or go surf or
this in it but you weren't supposed to
just mingle
gathering groups and of course we're
gathering groups were partying they're
like all right no you can't you know
specific rules like you weren't allowed
to stay put
you couldn't lean on things couldn't sit
down right cuz you go walk around I was
riding I wrote I rode my motorcycle
along PCH and you would see people they
parked their car along PCH right and
they'd sit on the car and kind of like
look at the beach and stuff like that
and so I guess you each one of them had
a cars distance between them because
you're sitting on your car the next
person sitting on their car but then I
pass this Neptune's net which is like a
big motorcycle hangout and there were
maybe 20 bikes in a row parked and the
guys were all just kind of hanging out
and it was like no man like that you
can't do that you know I mean like like
a motorcycle is the ultimate social
distancing vehicle right you're you by
yourself you weren't a jacket gloves a
helmet you're not breathing on me but
but when you stop you can't just all
hang like normal you know and that that
was the part that uh that I think that
that's where they're like no we're not
gonna do it cuz I think you know this
Georgia and Florida whatever it's like
they're like the experiment man they're
like all right yeah let's let them get
out and then let's wait two weeks and
see what happens yeah exactly you know
that's exactly what it's like it's uh
it's a weird disease man you know I was
just having a conversation about it
earlier today it's like it seems like
it's more than one different thing it
seems like for some people it's nothing
they shake it off some people even a lot
of people more than half apparently
asymptomatic yeah I don't feel it at all
that's the scariest part right because
you're asymptomatic and you're carrying
it and then for some people it's a death
sentence and then and I was most
recently I was reading about strokes yes
about people having strokes like it's
causing blood clots and yeah and this
was something that they just realized
like whoa you know one doctor was
apparently operating on this one guy who
was a fairly young guy what a stroke and
he said you could see on the machine I
read that yeah the new new clots were
forming sequel time
while he's doing crazy yeah yeah it's an
fucking creepy disease and you know what
and we were talking about this earlier
that's the doctor I want to listen to
yeah you know I mean like yeah give me a
guy who's so smart that he's working on
blood clots and watching them perform
and explaining because they had part a
problem the advice we get there's so
many it's such a wide range and in like
so if you're talking to me I want to see
doctor in front of your name and I want
to know you do sit like like oh I work
on the brains of people who have strokes
like yeah tell me more you stop doing
that stop you kind of practice that's
great people like going to chiropractor
that's great you're not a doctor yeah
stop saying you're actor I have a friend
he's an emergency room doctor and like
I'll listen to him like yes yeah okay
neurologist you tell me what's going on
because cuz he knows that he's getting
all kind of information and he's on
literally on the front line yes listen
he was funny he said man they better not
send me anyone who shot up bleach like
don't even waste much
someone must funny the way he said cuz
cuz he really is that guy he's like the
I'll save lives like he's a doctor he
cares what's that
but are Nixon he's like man you better
just don't even waste my time when you
heard about that you had to think this
has got to be like a fucking movie this
has got it this is almost like a movie
it's if it if it wasn't real it would be
hilarious you know right and then the
other thing is that the fact that like
Lysol had to put out a thing like not
for internal use like the idea that that
they know there are people so dumb that
they're like we better tell him not to
do this there was a thing that I tweeted
I pulled it down when someone Tim Poole
one of my guests told me it was fake
they were saying that they got way more
calls because of poisoning from Lysol
and disinfectants after Trump said that
but apparently the
truth is there's way more people using
that stuff around the house because
they're scared and they're cleaning
everything up and they've been coming in
for a long time it's not like it
happened right after Trump said that it
was actually happening right after the
lockdown
yeah what is rare it wasn't more people
doing it but they were calling to see
like hey what would happen if you know
they were caught but but this one is
weird and I was just reading about this
there has been an increase in kids
drinking hand sanitizer and it's told
the hand sanitizer people stop making it
smell good because kids you know it's
like this sweet smelling and my only
question is where the hell are the kids
getting it cuz I can't find any I can't
where are you getting this hand
sanitizer you're drinking but they said
all kidding aside they said because it's
alcohol
it's like poisoning them someone was
saying that but if you get a hand
someone saying they went to a
supermarket and they got hand sanitizer
and smelled like tequila yeah it has a
sweet smell to it but it never gets to
that stuff like it's probably mostly
just alcohol right yeah it's it's 70
percent alcohol one of my sponsors is
making hands and Buffalo Trace whiskey
they're there they're donating cases
cases of hand sanitizer yes cuz they
they can easily switch over to make it
yeah yeah just it's just alcohol it
tastes like shit right but kids are
drinking it and that's just okay watch
your kids don't drink that shit will
fuck it's wrong what our kids they're
eating Tide Pods not a drinking hand
sanitizer come on man definitely kids we
went school with kids do dumb shit yeah
that's part of you know any better but
now it's like they do dumb shit but it
becomes a viral challenge you know
that's the difference like when we did
it like there was one neighborhood kid
you know well let's make Joe you had a
television show based on that one
neighborhood
[Laughter]
based on the neighborhood kid who would
ya feed him miss what the hell PhD in
those people yeah we were growing up
there was always a kid would eat worms
or I read a story about a kid who ate a
slug on a dare and I think it was
Australia and you want to being
paralyzed he had some sort of a viral
infection because of this snail that
paralyzed him then a couple couple years
later he died see if you can find that
damn that's crazy like but kids need to
know this you can't just go eat a fuckin
slug right like they're real bad right
you can't yeah you you don't eat
something something wild ass bug some
snail or something even bring up this
specific story there's something called
rat lungworm disease no but bring up the
specific story because it's pretty crazy
a kid on a dare ate a slug man I didn't
say kid oh this is a kid on a dare
they're now paralyzed this is in New
York though Oh poop eating man who
eating slugs are giving you brain
parasites jesus fucking christ there it
is Australian man who dared to swallow a
slug has died after ray our eight-year
illness I think he was a man when he
died but I think he was a kid
when he pulled it off on a dare in 2010
Jesus Christ yeah he ate a slug yeah I
did who was a kid that looks like a kid
he was in a coma for 420 days he emerged
from the ordeal with significant brain
injuries but continued to live for
another eight years holy fuck he
consumed a garden creature on a dare in
2010 my god contracted encephalitis
rat lungworm an infection usually found
in rodents that can also be transmitted
to snails and slugs if they eat rat
feces containing the parasites larvae
see this is how again this is how we get
these crazy diseases for which we have
no immune system defense like because
you
supposed to be eating slugs that eat rat
feces
you know that's nature trying to say
like what is wrong with this right has
eaten slugs don't ya yeah there's things
that gross you out for a reason you seem
like bug roaches or rats they carry but
they carry diseases you see me like I
was instinctive I don't know if this is
true I was in Jamaica we were doing some
tour and the guy said that if you like
got lost or whatever you're on he said
humans can eat what goats eat he said
watch the goats and if a goat eats it a
human can he like if you know you're in
the jungle and it's just can I eat that
plant and I was like all right that's
south I don't know if that's true but it
sounded like good advice sounds great
but I think goats can eat anything
don't eat like cans they shown but they
don't they don't actually eat them I
think that's I think that's a myth well
if it's true that humans can either if
that's true that'd be amazing
just bring goats with you whatever they
right you're good yeah which which means
get a goat now cuz I don't know which
way society's going to get a goat just
in case yeah shit goes wrong you're like
what do you doing I'm following my goat
you don't want to fully grown adult goat
you know you wouldn't wanna baby go baby
go a kid well yeah actually our kid
literally yeah to get a battery out for
eating tin cans they're actually chewing
on the metal to get the label in the
glue on the label they're not actually
eating the metal what all right okay so
they're getting high on gloop they're in
the glue so can we eat what goats eat
humans eat what goats oh you're like if
you get a baby goat he'll know you're
cool you bring in some you know you
treat him well from the time they're a
baby like a dog like you if you have a
dog and you've had him since he's a
puppy he knows you're cool like Oh his
wife you've been cool but that's also
like that tiger king thing right like
you raise a tiger from when it's a baby
yeah but then one day it just realizes
like I'm a tiger you look delicious
like you know I mean like this 'never
Yolanda you're a huge dude you fucker
goat up I would think so
and grab ahold of those horns we're
going back yeah I think I could take it
snap that thing's neck like a Steven
Seagal not one of those big not one in
big mountain ghosts it Rams you with the
horns though those can get like 300
pounds yeah you don't want one of them
well you made me want a domestic goat
what's the biggest wonder if I'm
exaggerating what's the biggest mountain
goat
what's uh like a mountain goat or yeah
with those white haired ones enormous
white before Alaskans that can walk on
like cliffs like they walk like how do
you live and they live their whole life
that's why cuz they live their whole
life doing it how big it how big of
those oh that must mean it's a hunting
page did you ask how much they weigh
just ask how much how much of the
biggest how much does a full-grown
mountain goat way adult females about
180 males average 280 yes I'm up to 300
or just 385 385 and they're walking like
a ballerina on the side of a cliff yeah
cuz dangling a little been rammed about
385 pounds that's gotta be like getting
hit by a car like just there dude look
at the size of that fucker
god dammit huge they look so cool it
looks like a horse fucked a goat
doesn't it look look at its face it
doesn't really a goat man you know you
know what that's like that's like
getting hit by an NFL lineman right like
getting blindsided maybe even by NFL not
even they might even even more power
than that cuz they're on four letters
four animals right they're doing this
all day long you know wow there's a
video of RAM slamming heads with a cow
the RAM starts walking towards these
cows and this female cow gets pissed off
and comes maybe a bull I don't know
there's a bull or a female cow but this
cow comes forward watch this watch this
oh it is a bull so watch this Sabu seems
like it right watch this boom you're out
bitch Wow so the
go or the the the RAM headbutts that cow
the cow do that one more time is it a
bull it seems like a bull doesn't it
Jamie think it had horns yeah okay so it
is a ball so that's why he's doing it -
yeah look at his balls - and you see his
nuts his huge balls how could I not see
those but he gets K the fuck out he's
probably dead you think it's dead one
more time well you know if he lived
watch this one more time see just look
at the RAM there I was like bitch I'm
not scared of you oh yeah so if he lived
like that bull gets no respect for the
rest of his life like yeah so your
bitch-ass get knocked out by a ram
around probably 1/8 your size you ain't
scaring nobody yeah they just know the
to do that move I bet a cow I bet a
Bulls never experienced something
getting in between its horns and hitting
it flat never or it's probably never
experienced something stronger than it
you know that seems like a scene in the
movie I did up doesn't seem right that a
stick can just stop it stopping well
that's a little one and it's also
probably a certain way it's getting hit
well I think it hits objects so that's
what it is it's dumb so as he puts a
stick in front of it in headbutts the
stick which means that like is it like
if you're punching something right and
there's a guy behind this thing but
you're trying to punch this thing here
and this thing moves if you get to the
guy behind it you won't have any power
the power will be all in this one spot
and then it misses you just kind of like
and also the animal doesn't know like
this is something unusual to him right
why someone holding a stick out right so
it just hits the stick with its head
that actually makes sense
that's a good move maybe like like a
bowl with a cape right they make the
Cape look way bigger than the person so
the bull just goes towards the massive
object right yeah I was in South Africa
and you know we did this Safari it
wouldn't like the real Safari because we
didn't have time but they were like yeah
by far the most dangerous ham was a
hippo oh yeah that's
that would that was the one day because
when we went by the water you saw the
backs of the hippos and they were like
yeah you don't want them to come out of
there yeah fuck that
hippos are terrifying yeah and they're
mean they're huge - they're mean it's
like basically it's like a tank and
they're vegetarians which is weird
they're vegetarians but if they feel a
threat yeah they grab you add a drag
they drown you they pull you under water
because they can hold their breath for
like five or six minutes or something
like that and they just hold you to your
dead well Jesus Christ but they say but
they're like very territorial very me
and they're fast
I think they run like 20 miles an hour
or something like that like yeah it's
basically an armored living vehicle okay
I mean a living thing that did you crazy
video of a hippo chasing these people on
a boat I've ever seen oh yeah boy did
you ever see like the lion that jumped
on the hippo and then the hippo just
stood there and then the lion jumped off
he was basically like I can't fuck with
this thing where the Lions trying to eat
the hippo and it's biting into the
hippos back I think was taking a little
pieces out of its back I just couldn't
figure out how to get rid of the lion
they're so big yeah but I guess like if
you want to survive in Africa around
crocodiles you have to be so big the
crocodiles like I'm not even trying
right you know right yeah there's so
many things that can kill you that this
is something that's like nap you know
what kills elephants sometimes in Africa
ants yeah they climb up in their ear
right they just keep eating they just
climb oh yeah oh that's a hell of a way
to go that's got to be the worst and
there's nothing you can do about it what
the fuck is your brain that's a slow
horrible death nature cruel bitch yeah
but that's nature you know nature's not
to be fucked with there's a great video
that I saw yesterday of a cat trying to
get a squirrel there's a squirrel and
the squirrels on the tree and the cats
on the tree and the
that's going right the squirrels going
left and the cats going left the
squirrels going right the squirrels
successfully evading the cat for the
most part well cats
I think of domestic animals like they
they have the most instincts of when
they were wild like a cat can hunt you
know you have see them hunt hunt a bird
oh yeah it's like if a Birds dumb enough
to land on the ground cats got him cats
got Oh cats gotta they move so fast too
and they know you're gonna fly up so
they jump yeah and then they swat you as
you're trying to fly away yeah cats kind
of don't even bother eating them
nah they just kill it just to stay in
practice these dumb motherfuckers just
leave it out for me like cats have
trained humans perfectly cats are like
listening I could but I have a human it
will feed me and I can totally ignore it
like dogs earn their food you know I
mean dogs like I protect the house or I
fetch or I play with the kids or this or
that cats are like no I will totally
ignore this human and they will feed me
it's just such a weird and what's weird
is when people go deep but like I get
when people have attack dogs it makes
sense but I don't get they like serve
walls and shit right people of those
weird like half yeah like like that you
don't want a cat that could kill you
because it's sort of those serve all
your herd of those things where they're
trying to feed them like chicken bones
yeah that's in your house while you
sleep do you have a dog yes
yeah but it's a golden retriever Oh
sweetest dog of all time there's so nice
everybody that comes over the house like
if you came over my house keep like
everybody's a long-lost friend that has
been something since since I've been
just locked down that thoughts crossed
my mind like man should get a dog I
secure dogs are great only you go on the
road at rest you do once I go back to
work I won't be able to take care of it
so but but dogs are really quitting I
have a neighbor who has a dog it's
called a Dogo Argentino yeah yeah but
it's a fan
plastic dog light and and she said she's
a dog trainer she said yeah some people
have used these for fighting in this and
that she said but if you get she's like
I know a breeder I'll get you a good one
you can do it and it's really a great
dog and it's tempting but I know like
once I go back on the road then it
becomes the B it's either at the kennel
all the time where I gotta get the dog
sitter so it's not gonna work but dogs
are just they're just cool me I love
dogs yeah it would be sad for the dog
right it's not fair to the dog to just
leave it
Eliza's got it nailed she gets some
little dogs she puts them in sure take
someone takes him everywhere she's
figured it out we were at the improv
once and she's about to go on and she
just handed me her dog that was an
adorable dog yeah dogs very if you met
tofu now I haven't met Oh super hot dog
Jeremy hots has won - he's got a Shaq
Shaq is his long-haired Chihuahua that
he brings yeah if you're a road person a
chihuahuas really like that kind of size
dog that's your move yeah you just take
him with you yeah oh man doesn't it make
you not want to do the road again like
when you I'm worried about that man I'm
worried about being home too I haven't
been it I haven't gone this long without
getting on a plane in 20 years and and
the idea like I'm afraid of of not
wanting to go back to work the other
thing is you know I've done a couple of
live streams at the Laugh Factory
right I'm doing next week I'm doing a
digital comedy club thing right like man
what if I get used to working without an
audience well what if what if the VR
thing happens and they can make it set
up so that like you could be on a stage
you put the VR on and the people put
their VR on and they're sitting in an
audience I did one of those it it was
weird for now yeah the thing about it is
what you really lose there is an energy
that comes from laughter in the
like you you can do it I think of it as
kind of like this or like doing radio
where people can be listening and they
might be laughing like like when you do
morning radio yes they're laughing in
their car but you don't really know that
right yeah the people in the studio have
to kind of laugh along with you like
everybody know right so I mean it works
for now and and it is kind of fun and
just odd doing it you know so I don't
mind do like I hear some comics say that
they wouldn't do it or they hate it
to me it's just like okay this is what
we're doing now and it's it's weird but
it's fun that would be the question to
ask those comics what would you do if
there was no more comedy ever again live
what if this is just the tip of the
diseased iceberg right keeps getting
worse and worse you you willing to
accept no more comedy ever probably not
no no I would be you'd wind up doing
those digital comedy clubs yeah I mean I
you know I just hope it doesn't come to
that I don't think it's gonna come to
that another thing is I was talking to a
Vegas guy who's a promoter and does
shows and he said he thinks comedies
gonna come back first because it's the
easiest thing to produce so he said like
you could do a comedy show outdoors with
people sitting six feet apart from each
other and just one comic with a
microphone onstage he said versus a band
where now you got the the band members
onstage and all the technical stuff he's
like comedies just this is where it's
easy like we're a microphone and a
speaker that's a good
so we could do it I mean you couldn't
draw as many people what did you just
test everybody yeah well I think that
that's gonna be part of it too that's I
was reading about as Europe reopens
that's what they're doing there they're
scanning people like I guess texting you
for fevers and I don't buy this thing
that they wanted I mean I don't want to
do the tracking thing when they talk
about that I think that's a real
slippery slope if they let you track
people on their cell phones whether or
not they're sick or healthy and you know
exactly where they go and who they're in
contact with I think that's a slippery
slope because the problem with that is
one
they get that kind of power to track
people they're never gonna get rid of it
they're never gonna get rid of it
they're gonna find another reason to you
you write the user for the flu they use
it for something else and it's also so
it's such a faulty thing to do you know
you know I mean like it's like if you
know you're being tracked well I'm gonna
give my phone to whoever like what what
do they always do in a movie they they
put the tracker on an animal or a car or
something and they send them to wrong
play well now they don't know who had
not oh they make it a felony to do that
Alonso you can't give your phone to your
friend yeah we were trying to be
deceptive yeah okay I think you know
slippery slope I think absolutely is I
don't think we can I don't think you can
trust them trust any authorities or
medical or whatever with that it's like
that said well it's gonna say you can
have a driver's license right well why
can't you have a license it shows you've
been tested yeah you don't need your
face on it it's a public you know like
just like a driver often like once a
year
or something like that yeah like a whole
bunch next to the date and the fish a
whole bunch like you know you get a
bunch of them then you get a new card
yeah why can't we do that get a new card
every 90 days until they come up with a
vaccine I think science science will
come up with a vaccine you know a
combination of human immunity and
science will come up with I mean it this
is like polio you know was when when you
were a kid and polio was a definite
threat like you had to worry about you
know and then they came up with a
vaccine right this is another thing I
mean disease I have a friend who works
in this and she said yet you know
viruses and diseases and stuff like they
they change they adapt so we havin to
adapt yeah we we have to stay ahead of
it this one just caught everyone off
guard
there was no yeah they've been warning
us about this kind of thing the
possibility of this kind of thing for a
long time Bill Gates did a TED talk in
2015 where he talked about it yeah yeah
and you know they they show they I don't
know they looked at it you know Obama
talked about this
something we gotta spend money on and
get ready for and it's one of those
thing people didn't want to believe it
he's a guy who's it's almost funny how
smart he was like he just you know he's
like yeah we should prepare for
infectious disease at now that's like
now like oh shit you probably should
have prepared for infectious diseases
yeah and you know the United States but
this is just another example of our
medical system and we got to get it
together where medicine isn't just for
the rich yes for sure dude I hate to say
this but I have to piss so bad I drank
way too much coffee before the show can
we pause yeah one of life's great
giggling I fucked up sorry folks
I had a big thing of bone broth earlier
and I had two double espressos then I
had to at least two large bottles of
water yeah so it was a it was a real
strike goddamn it I fucked up I pissed
before the show too I thought I was
gonna be okay so good that's one of
life's great feeling when you when you
got a pee and it's just right there and
then you get that yeah exactly it's the
simple things Joe it's the simple things
in the simple pleasures that's what we
can enjoy out of this pandemic some of
the simple pleasures you know what I do
appreciate I appreciate talking to
people because I'm you know when you're
locked up in your house most of the time
you're til I'm here I'm locked up in the
house right
so I'm sitting around or I'm in the yard
or I'm going out we go on trails in my
neighborhood still but at a certain
point in time you know you want to talk
to somebody so I come here I appreciate
talking to people like even more than
before what what I like is the absolute
silence at night like you know it's I'll
turn off everything you know no like no
TV no music nothing and just it's
perfectly silent it's so odd because so
few people are out so you just you don't
get the car then like where I live you
ain't get a lot of cars or anything but
you just get nothing it's perfectly
silent and it's a strange
meditative situation like these are the
kind of things that once we get back to
once we find out whatever the new normal
is that's gonna be the kind of thing
that that doesn't like yeah we don't
have you realize like my life isn't
quiet yeah you know there's a lot of
noise in life and and travel you know we
were talking about it I don't know what
that's gonna be what if what is travel
gonna be like it's gonna be weird you
know who's gonna be paranoid we're all
gonna be paranoid masked up yeah are we
gonna be trying to maintain distance
what are the airlines gonna do how are
they gonna keep distance apart from each
other and people already like oddly not
connected when they travel right yeah
you sit next to a person you usually
don't even talk to them you know you get
up everybody gets in line you don't even
really know very little small talk what
we're hurting it's hurting yeah you know
so now are you still gonna be able to
hurt people are people gonna appreciate
you know are we gonna be nicer to each
other you know and and you would hope so
but human nature always shows like now
we like wow it seems whenever we're
given the choice of okay can we be
better or worse why do we always go to
worse well this this is why in this
situation you got to be worried because
people really don't have any experience
with this kind of adversity so this is a
new thing so yeah adversity test
character there's a lot of people that
haven't had a develop character they've
been living these weak-ass fucking
useless silly lives right and then all
of a sudden adversity comes and shines
its ugly head and these morons are all
sudden dealt the weirdest hand of cards
everywhere everybody's kind of fucked
and then when things go back to work
again when you're asked to deal with
adversity and you don't have any
character right like you like you're
you're a guy with character I think
you'll be fine I think you probably will
be nicer after this I know I'm gonna be
nice yeah I think most people are gonna
be like I don't even mean like nicer I
mean like a little more appreciative I'm
always nice appreciate every should have
and aware yeah aware of you know one of
the problem people are not aware of the
existence of other people yes right you
know so you have like if you if you're
whole
the sign give me liberty or give me
death in front of a baskin-robbins ice
cream you're like you're not really
aware what that means are you like
you're probably gonna be okayed this is
Baskin Robbins behind you your liberties
probably not a life-and-death issue
right now the where awareness thing is a
it's a real problem with people but
there's people that are they're barely
keeping it together with the most
amazing society ever through no fault of
their own for the most part most people
were fucked up they grew up in a fucked
up house and then fucked up family in a
fucked up neighborhood and people did
them wrong every step of the way and
then here they are
all fucked up at 35 years old but that
doesn't take away from the fact that
they are fucked up at 35 years old and
if they are really overweight and they
eat sugar all day and they can't keep a
job and they're always making excuses
and now there's a pandemic don't expect
them to rise the occasion right and war
you know that that's when the other ones
are too we're so insulated from reality
yeah you know like I briefly lived in
suburbia right I had a house I was up in
Valencia that's a nice area it's nice
but it's too nice you know what I mean
it and it was like it was this perfect
suburbia and and all I could think was
man the majority these people they had
their life goes from the cubicle to the
cul-de-sac yep that's her day yeah I
mean cubicle at the office and come home
to the cul-de-sac yep and it's such a
it's you know I was always like I hope
there's something in your life that
makes this good because this would be
the most boring existence but that is
what it's almost like that's what we
aspire to like that's what they build
every time they build one of these new
communities right now they even the
latest construction of malls I used to
always laugh about this
so they tear down all the mom-and-pop
stores and build a mall which is a fake
town of mom-and-pop stores you know I
mean like everything is this perfect
controlled environment like you said now
that's all out the window so what do you
do you know and and what do people do
yeah malls are
well they're already hurting the outdoor
malls Oh like REI that kind of shit no
these like like oh I'll do or like
outside mom's right those might still
work but but even now they showed like
still like Neiman Marcus about to go
bankrupt because people like like with
me you know what I don't need clothes
well right so people buying shit online
people are buying stuff online but but a
lot of stuff if you're like a like
Macy's you don't sell anything that
people need right now no not of people
hurting right yeah isn't so so is it
makes you critical to stay in business
when you don't sell when everything you
sell is basically a luxury or a pleasure
thing you know like like diamonds right
and nobody buy a diamond I haven't seen
a cage you lose commercial right you
don't see any those engagement
commercials now right there's nothing
you know it's so it's it is gonna be
interesting because those companies have
to survive this or don't then get us out
like the blockbusters gone bro yeah you
know things change was everywhere
there's we left date night you know now
these kids with their Netflix and chill
back in the day we go to the blockbuster
store and usually how to go with your
girlfriend right you can you couldn't
just pick no no that they ran out that's
right they ran out of the movies this
empty box like we wouldn't see you
wouldn't see Tiger King until it was
your turn because your blockbuster would
have eight Tiger Kings and they'd always
be rented when you went there you know a
lot of versions and you had to rewind it
that's main to only go to home movies
came from o made he made a ton of money
on those he made then and I'm not
talking porn I'm talking regular movies
he said what he would do is he would get
the seniors in film school right and he
would give them what did he say he gave
him something like ten thousand dollars
in the camera and said go make a movie
and then he they it was either ten grand
or 50 grand or something like that but
he give him that in the camera go make a
movie and they come back and he said and
it always would be a slasher movie but
they were the easiest to make and he
said it's amazing how many women will
take their top off if you point a camera
at him so it was all like titty slasher
movies and he would sell them overseas
you know it was you know it was like
bikers crazy kill or supp metamorph you
know though the the the mall monster
would and it was all these but but he
made a he made a ton of money off of
that it was the straight-to-video movies
with no budget and the kids would make
them and to the kid you know if you're a
senior in film school that's a great
thing when somebody says here's some
cash and a camera go make a movie feels
to me the same way to feel about like
NCAA athletes not getting paid to play
right what's going you know not quite as
bad but it's a great thing for the kids
too so you're a kid and you're going to
film school and some guy comes along
goes not only I'm gonna give you the
equipment I'm gonna give you fifty
thousand dollars to make a movie right
movie then he's gonna sell it for a
couple of hundred grand or 50 or
whatever in the international video
market but but salerio and you talk
about bad I mean these movies were just
but that's what made it fun is the
movies were so bad you know that it was
it was like great like they we don't
really have an editing budget right you
know no special effects No
yeah is that guy holding a microphone in
this shot well you know what's funny
though occasionally someone will make a
movie for 15 bucks and it works like you
remember Blair Witch Project which yeah
that was a fucking legitimately scary
move the scary movie
and then they try to do it big budget
and they couldn't make it work not they
fucked it had to be that you know they
fucked it up
the found-footage like what is this
let's watch it like that those videos
there was a hole shut there wasn't a
series of movie calls VHF wasn't there
or VHS VHS VHS that's right Jeff was
right but VHS was a movie about people
finding VHS footage of like people
getting attacked by demons and it was
one that the lady they they made a movie
afterwards about her I think was called
siren where she was one of the
characters in the VHS or VH yeah VHS
she was one of the characters in that in
one of the it was a girl that was really
pretty but really weird and these guys
took her back to the house and she
wanted to fuck them and she's like I
love you I like you I like you and she
turns into a diamond tears everybody
apart it was really wild yeah wild shit
but yeah but do you employ marketing for
Blair Witch that they had a bunch of
online stuff that made it seem real when
it came out right there was like news
and Willys stories about people
disappearing those are those people
right now that are talking about five G
fuckin five g's this is it is
coronaviruses a ho it's all five G and
it was created but yeah though when
people say that like and and now have
you got this I'm sure you've gotten this
people who were otherwise reasonable
send you something and you're like holy
shit do you believe this
like now I got to rethink my
relationship with you yeah like I got
the one about don't take the vaccine
because the vaccine is the sickness and
they're they're experimenting on you and
they want to you know it's like man you
you gotta like you believe this I got
one from a smart dude that I know where
there were this doctor was talked to
straight to the camera and the doctor
saying this is not a disease this is
radiation sickness doctor yeah a doctor
yeah well appointment but where's a
doctor's outfit I'm like it's a friend
radiation is easy know exactly what it
is they've got it they know the genome
they've nothing
it came from the bats that came from the
very area that the Wuhan lab was
studying yeah this is really well
documented shit but people will
absolutely ignore that that that's
what's frustrating to the scientists and
the doctors right when they're standing
there and and their list and they're
like we know this shit you know like
like a friend of mine who's a doctor he
hates WebMD because patients come in and
they're diagnosed I read on on the
internet and here he'll be like yeah cuz
I went to school he's really funny cuz
he's like yeah I went to school and I've
been practicing medicine for 20 years so
I probably know more than your website
but if you want some people but there's
some doctors suck though yeah they're a
bad that's the thing but it's bad
everything again being home I've watched
some Network TV and I never really
watched network TV but now I'll just be
watching whatever every commercial is
either some drug right some drug for
whatever condition you think you have or
this or that or it's a thank you to the
people giving care during this time it
seems like that those are the only two
commercial that's why I say like if you
watch too much TV yeah you're gonna
start being scared to death and believe
in conspiracies because you're
constantly pounded with this shit like
you're just pounded with the the
negativity the fear to take a drug for
whatever you might feel or think you
feel or whatever and then the drugs the
side effects of the drugs and then
there's now there's a drug for the side
effect of the drug that you took for
something else you know I mean like like
you you have to take a break you can't I
don't think you can watch upper limit
upper lip two hours of news a day any
more than that even now just keep it
that like I say that's that's the
extreme upper limit I feel like I'm not
watching much
I am checking in on news stories on my
phone every now and again when I read I
read the news cuz if I read the news I
can control the amount and I can also
get different sources different like or
I read a story and then google the story
and see what other stories are about
that so like like when we were talking
before about the thing about people
drinking Clorox and you're like are they
really drinking Clorox and then you you
google it and you're like oh no thank
god they're not drinking Clorox like a
Clorox and Lysol put out a warning don't
do it well if they hadn't it's probably
a couple of them will try this cuz and
plus you know there was a lawyer
somewhere like me I'm ready to sue
Clorox yeah you know of course of course
somebody's gonna get sued but now it's
uh it's a fucking weird time man it's
gonna be weird when everything starts
back up how people behave I'm hopeful
I'm hopeful for the best but again we're
talking about there's gonna be the worst
of us that are not gonna do well with
this yes they're not prepared for any
kind of adversity so when this adversity
comes out we're all supposed to group up
together some people are gonna act out
that's unfortunate but I think it's
gonna be less I think more people gonna
rise they're gonna rise to the occasion
hopefully hopefully and and hopefully
and this is where you you honestly you
need good information you can't you know
that you can't have the crazy
information and that you you need good
information that has to be given to
everybody like this this is what's real
because there's always been crazy
information right there's always been a
National Enquirer and what was that
other paper the national star the Stars
that's all it's big news but that but
they never like like now you have people
reading that like no this is the real
story and and you know the New York
Times is fake it's like no I think you
got that backwards now New York Times
ain't perfect but I think they're a
little closer than the weekly world news
that's a real problem it's someone like
Trump whenever he gets challenged just
calls everything fake news your fake
news your fixtures like they get
something's wrong you're right but if
you just keep calling everything fake
news you crying wolf right and the
problem is
then we don't know who to trust so if
someone just but you're talking about
the dangers of blindly believing the
president's drink bleach
well blindly believing the president
that the Washington Post is always wrong
or that CNN is always wrong or the New
York Times is full of shit that's not
that's what but then who's not it's not
because and yeah there is you know the
news is politicized and there's left and
rightness in that but papers like The
Washington Post in New York Times the LA
Times they do a pretty good job and
they've been doing it for a long time
and and if you if you read it they've
attacked both sides when things you know
when when someone makes a mistake they
call them out on it and this and that
and yeah you got it
if you lose trust of that then who do
you trust now now's when the crazy comes
in when you when you start below again
when you start believing the Weekly
World News and doubting the New York
Times
what do you trust like that's your would
you have a new source I have a few that
The Times
my newsfeed I've got the New York Times
I got the LA Times I read some of the
BBC I like I like the BBC because
looking at the United States from the
outside looking in is kind of a
different point of view you know what
out whether the feeds I get Daily Beast
is is I like them once in a while I get
Huffington Post articles popping up and
and I read some some opinion pieces you
know again again there are there are
some I read this thing recently and it
was really good it was about the world
being disappointed and sad by the United
States lack of leadership through this
and the article talked about like this
is the first time in the past hundred
years where something happened to the
world in the United States didn't take
the lead and it went back to talking
about how we defeated fascism and then
democracy grew and and the Cold War
and you know and and it said that and
these were scientist from France the UK
Germany where was this article it was in
The Times it was in the New York Times
and they talked like one of the the
scientists was a climatologist from
Germany that studied at Columbia and
they said you know some of the best and
brightest minds in the world they're in
the United States but no one's listening
to them and and they talked about how
the United States again took the lead
whenever something would happen today to
the world the United States would take
the lead and say hey we got this this is
what we're gonna do what do you think
they could have done different and it
talked about it in the article first
thing was take it seriously and listen
to the scientists that was the first
thing that the government could have
done when a scientist spoke up and said
hey this is real this is not some
Chinese thing or this is real you listen
to them and the second thing is give
people real information say hey like you
don't come out say this is a hoax and
then say it's not a hoax you came out
like they were because they were talking
about Germany which I didn't notice that
Markel is a physicist the Chancellor of
Germany so she right away went to
science because she's a scientist which
I never knew but they said but they told
the German people like okay this is real
there's a threat this is we you know we
don't know what to do but we're gonna do
something and I think had we done that
had the United States done that in
January or in the latest February said
this is a real threat we have to take
action and we're studying it we're you
know basically you want to hear the
government say we're on it that that I
think would have been a big difference
because then just it was like 911 ranked
when 9/11 happened the entire country
came together we dropped our differences
and said yo they attacked the United
States of America right and and now the
actions afterwards later the war and all
of that you may or may not have agreed
with but if you limit that for that
first month man we were all America
so you know what I mean like you you we
were sitting around talking and it was
like this is the United States so
remember the flags on the cars yeah yeah
I mean we came together in London used
to sell them yeah I believe it I believe
it I love Jay I love to love Jay he is
he's a character but he's genuine and in
the biggest heart in the world the first
TV show I ever did I did with Jay London
1993 or some shit I'll tell you my
favorite Jay London story from last
comic in a minute because cuz you know
we lived it together in the house pound
reality show we were there for about
four or five weeks but but had they come
out and said this is real where we don't
know what it is but scientists are
working on it and right now we need
everybody to pause that's what they need
everybody needs to pause well you know
and and then the other thing I think
they needed to do from the beginning and
this goes back to World War 2 I
there's a name for it whatever the
Defense Act is where you call you know
General Motors and Boeing and I don't
know 3m and whatever drug companies and
say I drop what you're doing we need you
on this mmm because the United States
like that was world war two right when
they said now we're not making records
we're not making pantyhose we're not
making cars like you're gonna make tanks
and you're gonna make bullets I think
that's the act he's using right now to
try to force the meat companies
Meatpacking companies to stay open yeah
but it's it's it's piecemeal and it's
too late like like if you do it I think
if it was done from the beginning it
forget about the you're a Democratic
governor and you're a Republican
governor and you're Republic fuck all
that like this is America like this is
in times like this like you said when
adversity shows character right this is
when the character or the nation and
this is what this article was talking
about where the United States didn't do
that where you had the federal
government fighting against governor's
and they're arguing over who has
constitutional power and stuff like this
so you think that there was an adjusting
period of people didn't think it was
serious and then thought it was serious
like how did you
the person didn't you personally go
through a period where you weren't
worried about it and then you became
more worried about it as time went on
right
yes definitely but that's because of
information because we weren't given but
you remember like inflammation what the
information we were getting in January
it wasn't that bad the World Health one
World Health Organization tweeted that
there's according to China there's no
worry of it being carried from person to
person that was in January yeah it all
happened in a weird way where there was
conflicting information right and people
didn't but but once people knew that's
why I said maybe by February right
because in February people knew yeah
once February came around there was
enough warnings that but try convincing
everybody else there's so many naysayers
out there right but but again this is
where but if you have a unified voice if
you have one voice coming out saying hey
this is what the scientists are saying
you know because because and I tweeted
this a long time ago look I'm gonna get
my information from scientists not from
politicians you know this is where the
politicians need to step to the side on
the podium like like what did I always
do in the movie when the mayor stands up
here and now I'm gonna give it to the
chief of police who's gonna tell you
like yes you needed you know a president
who's gonna say okay this is a situation
now here's the head of the you know
infectious disease Bureau or whatever it
was supposedly did we figure out what
fuckin happened with that pandemic
branch like remember they were said they
said that he closed down that Trump
closed down some a lot of the people
that have been taken off the team have
been spread around different jobs they
all they ought they do respond to
pandemic type things but but there's not
one specific project they disbanded
there was and that was lips when they
show the Obama speech cuz that's what
came after the Ebola thing was when he
said yeah we need he said this is like
What did he say he said it's an
investment he said it's not an expense
it's an investment or insurance or
something like that but we need a
department ready to deal with this
because this is a real threat well now
that they know now that there's I mean
in our lifetime this never happened now
that it has worldwide where the whole
world is locked down everybody's got to
step up
with this right I mean this has to be as
much of a priority as natural defense or
immigration or healthcare or anything
and because this can put all of them to
and if there's a real like really deadly
disease right this disease obviously not
good
it's terrible this is a warning this is
a really a shot over the bow in
comparison to a lot of diseases and I
think the other thing is and again this
is where you know when people talk about
I don't know government power and
government dissident like this is when
the government is supposed to operate
this is when the government's supposed
to tell the medical world like alright
this is what you do yeah we'll pay don't
worry we're gonna fucking pay you but
right now if someone walks in sick you
lock them down and you you don't send
them away because they don't have
insurance and so cuz I mean we have you
know let spreads more so much of that
right our whole medical system based on
what like it's always been frustrating
to me when you go to a doctor their
first question is what was your
insurance card not how are you feeling
not what's wrong and and it's the system
but but this was a case where they
needed to say alright I'll put all that
shit aside you're gonna take care of
patients we're gonna isolate cuz with
the Ebola thing remember that son of
bitch came like that one guy came from
Africa or something and they like lock
that bitch up they were like nah man you
ain't going near anybody you're gonna be
in an award sealed off nobody's coming
near you who's not wearing full protect
and they stopped they I don't know if
stop there's a right where it's not
nearly smart yeah that's not as
contagious but but there was real work
it's serious yeah and and the medical
community has to like we need them now
you know what I mean and we need them
beyond the government is the one who has
to say this is what you'll do
we'll pay you for it you know and we'll
pay later and listen that that's what we
do and people talk about you know how
much is it gonna cost and why well right
now that we got to deal with this you
know nobody worried about the cost of
winning World War two
they were like fuck let's win the war
and then we'll figure it out and then we
turned out to make even more money
afterwards right and yeah there's a
military-industrial complex that makes
money in blah but yeah you can always
find all of this negative shit there's
gonna be people who ripoff contracts and
stuff yeah yeah yeah but that's bad and
it exists but the government needed to
step up our government didn't step up on
this they didn't give people real
information and like you said we got
different information from different
people you didn't know if it was a real
or a hoax you didn't know what to do
well there's a bunch of things going on
here but one thing it shows the need for
something like what a lot of you like
Bernie Sanders are calling for was have
health care for everybody yes yeah we
need to have health care should be a
basic right just like Fire Department is
just and in a lot of ways I compare it
to fires because like if your house
catches on fire no one does shit about
it then it burns the house next door
yeah and that's same with pandemics if
someone gets sick and we don't you have
a way to get them healthy quick and have
a way to make sure that they they have
health care like they don't have to
worry like that you could just go
somewhere and you're not gonna be
spreading this just go somewhere and
they'll treat you and then you won't
have it right and your mom won't have it
no one will have it like you and you
won't go to erupt they're not there yet
you won't you won't go bankrupt makes
people up all these fucking guys who
just want small government sometimes you
need a lot of government this is when
you need a big government with power
yeah and this is this is what the
government does example cuz unless you
are in that category that you could
afford a bunker in New Zealand those
dudes there okay story about a Silicon
Valley guy who had a bunker in New
Zealand and he how to call the
manufacturer in New Zealand money you're
okay if you if you've got David Geffen's
200 million dollar yacht that's sailing
you know you're probably alright but but
most you got to worry about pirates
you know if they know that you're locked
in the ground in New Zealand they just
wait outside the bunker hole all those
New Zealand's kind of got this wrapped
up do they have no deaths now there's
like no new deaths but you're like a
thousand miles from Australia like was
New Zealand is definitely like hey you
ain't getting it yeah
anybody new zealand's amazing I've never
been but from what I've learned from
people that go there all the time and my
friends had actually lived there it's
fucking beautiful that's what I hear I
have a friend who runs motorcycle tours
in New Zealand and I keep saying like
yeah one year I'm gonna go that's
another thing that's gonna happen all
the stuff we've been I'm gonna do one
day when when went in the world opens up
we're gonna start doing that yeah I
think we're all gonna start doing that
oh I was gonna do this one day we're
gonna start doing my own so I hope a lot
of people get out of dead-end jobs look
when your job dissolves and you're
forced to do something else you know
there's a lot of people that got stuck
in a situation in life and they were on
momentum and now that momentum
completely stopped you get all that time
to yourself all that time to reassess oh
well I had that thought like what would
I do if there's no more stand-up I don't
know I don't know a bummer it's a bummer
of a thought but does that mean it's
gotta mean there's no more restaurants -
yeah I don't think it'll go away because
you know I've had those interviews like
what if the and comics tell the truth
like we're the truth tellers we always
do that in a podcast so we'll still be
around I say we're gonna survive
stand-ups gonna spy gonna take a while
how long it'd be different I have no
idea man but when when does the Comedy
Store open up again summer yeah yeah I
don't know if they wear mass or we just
have to sit a certain distance from each
other but I'm gonna I think again I
think they're experimenting now I think
these opening up you know places in
Georgia yes I think it's too soon too
soon yeah especially the other thing was
because I was read about New Zealand and
it's almost like they're doing the exact
opposite like they said the places with
personal contact the the hair nails
massage whatever are gonna be the last
places to open and I think that's wait
that's what it should be I mean that
that's a very close contact when
someone's doing your hair
nails someone sent me some shit from
Germany where they have a line on the
floor like a caution line
these ladies are behind the line with
like long sticks probably and maybe
that'll work but you know like like in
Georgia like they're opening the tattoo
product like I don't think that that's
an essential service you need right now
well I think you don't want the tattoo
business the question true that no I get
that from Wendy who gets to decide I
think you do it and well again they're
experimenting but I think you do it in
stages right so so before you open the
tattoo parlours maybe we go to
restaurants and sit at eat every other
table hmm and I don't think it's a bad
idea for the tattoo or to see them
because you can decide to let someone in
the business right and make them wear a
mask and keep them away from you I mean
if you can get people tested if you can
go to the tattoo artists and say hey
here's my test I got it yesterday here's
a results why is that so hard like we
won't get like some sort of a document
that you can carry well no you're right
this was another one of that you know
best and brightest and come together
right the the company's the science
companies like the government should be
like all right drop whatever you're
doing like we don't need more viagra we
need a test for four kovat you know I
mean like develop something so we can
because testing is a thing you you gotta
test people are locked up and they're
not gonna stop making viagra nine months
from now there's gonna be overpopulation
bump like the world's never seen before
that's gonna be the big pandemic the Big
Bend we're running out of doctors deal
with all these people shitting out kids
man that well good that would be that
would be a positive positive me but but
yeah well yeah and what you said is true
listen it I'm not anti tattoo artist by
any means I gotta my but I get it but I
was just using that I guess won't be the
most important thing to be open food
stores obviously stayed open during this
entire time they're the most important
thing gas stations that's important but
at a certain point in time we we have to
figure out like what it what is the
threshold should should we quarantine
old people in sick people from here out
and should we let regular people go free
and should we make testing more readily
available those are the things like
maybe testing way more available and
leave it up to people to make their own
decisions at a certain point time you
can't just keep people locked up no you
can't keep them locked up because we're
getting wicked and fever hearing now in
LA right we were fine being locked up
for those couple of weeks when it was
sixty and raining yeah but when it hit
85 and the Sun is out and we don't have
to go to work and you can't go to the
beach yes like oh you now is when you
can't keep people locked up and it's a
late spring in a lot of the country but
as as the weather gets warmer and people
getting on each other's nerves in the
house like that's when you gotta let you
know so yet testing is a big thing and
just what you said if there's some how
you get tested and then you have proof
like yeah I've been tested I'm okay then
you're like okay now you can function
you can you can like if you if you're
running a business if you're running the
nail salon or the tattoo place or
whatever you know like George Wallace
tweeted this thing about bowling he's
like don't everybody share shoes
essential in Georgia bowling Alex run
list so you you know you got a before
you get your bowling shoes you got to
show them your test card I got that's
that's gonna be it and and and and it is
also a function of where you are right
obviously New York where the population
density is just unbelievable it spread
more and you got to be more careful here
eyelash and air pollution people who
smoke there's a lot of factors
be sitting along your actors we're in
our cars in LA so much that we don't
interact as much as you know New York
and then if you're in you know Iowa or
Oklahoma one of those place someplace
where the population is more spread out
then it is gonna be easier because
you're just naturally you don't
encounter people as much yeah like if
you have a small town like there's this
case going on with a small town in
Northern California where they don't
have any cases and they just want to
open up and like can't we just keep
going to the town can't we have
restaurants if no one's sick like when
like as long as new people don't come
into this town this town's clean
yeah but then how do you stop that you
know how do you see if you have
restaurants how do you stop the people
from San Francisco dirty outside from
driving up to your restaurant dirty
outsiders there you go people find out
that all that county's opened up and
they've got restaurants back there well
like the beaches right the LA Dodgers
are closed but Orange County and Ventura
beaches are open now the Governor's Cup
well when they were open LA people just
went to those I was so torn on that on
one thing like yeah what if those people
do get people sick but the other part is
man if you're stuck in a fucking
apartment like the only happiness you've
gotten out of all this is when you got
to go to the beach yeah now that's gone
right you yeah it's a it's a tough line
you got to let people out and when
people go out they got to behave right
so when what's the number president
Alonso what should we do everyone we
keep the lockdown until May 15th and
then May 15th we leave the commodores is
essential business May 15th we reassess
we assess where are we at are there
still an increased number of an of
people getting infected has it
stabilized right and what does it look
like in Georgia and what in Texas long
as we got them
what does Florida let's see what they do
you can't count Florida I got friends I
love people in Florida but sorry Florida
we're just gonna have to yes we can't
count
[Laughter]
that's it as Florida third-world country
it's just no it's a alternate reality
that's an alternate reality even when
you're in Florida this to Florida is
right because there's coastal Florida
but Florida they tell us about which is
Miami Fort Lauderdale Orlando Tampa then
there's that Pensacola
then there's that middle of Florida they
don't talk they made that Lynyrd Skynyrd
music what that order from this the
governor I was all going around last
night it was an order that was sent as
it was going around as a memo that was
sent to sheriff's office as I'm reading
right now it's not an official order so
while all these sorts of recommendations
yeah sites saying the governor said he's
closing down all the beaches so what is
it previous to the story up to previous
reports say there were conversations
that they were having
maybe he panicked rehired previous
reports for Newsom's orders indicated he
planned to close all the state's beaches
which drew widespread criticism from
some state officials when asked what
changed his mind on closing state bitch
beaches bitches Newsom said that they
never did and this is exactly the
conversations we were having so they
never did close all the beaches what
witnesses some okay officials in other
parts of California spoken out against a
blanket beach ban in California sheriff
William Han Solo oversees Humboldt
County halle in the northern part of the
state where they get high as Mark said
he strongly opposes the order and
indicated in a tweet that he would not
enforce it if an order is issued I
believe violates our constitutional
rights
I will not enforce it good for you
Sheriff yeah only
I wish he hadn't said it that way he's
right he's right it doesn't your
constitutional rights but then the proxy
the problem with that is that that
brings out the crazies right angry but
he's responded look at Newsome's
actually reacting this said is of office
received
regarding the beach closures but said
that his decision is guided on what
local health officials think is
appropriate and what's not when you pull
back too quickly you literally put
people's lives at risk people are
literally dying because I don't like
when a governor uses literally twice
like that I'm a stickler for some some
sort of grammar because the decisions
that were done without a real frame of
focus on public health first Newsome
said that's what ultimately guide our
decisions that's good but you you've got
to also give people freedom and you got
to give them the opportunity they don't
want to go to the beach like there
should be a way you can avoid go if
everybody's still everybody else is
still locked down how much does it
really spread if people go to the beach
and then come home well this is the
thing and this is where common sense
like I get the constitutionality of it
but when you say that that angers people
that word angers people so you use
common sense and and I get what the
sheriff's saying like if you're in
Humboldt County at a small beach that's
not the same as opening Santa Monica
right so you look at individually where
are you at what's the population who's
going to the beach and you that's why
yeah you leave it up more it's more of a
local decision because California the
coastline is so big and so long there
are some places where it's gonna be
packed and other places where it's not
and the places where it's not gonna be
so packed let them open those places are
where breakfast people run the place odd
but let them let them open but you can't
open you know Venice yes because that's
just gonna be too dangerous and that's
where and that's why when I say to
constitutional work because once you say
constitutional then you bring out these
people that want to make it a protest I
want to make it a thing and it's and
these are people who don't even care
about going to the beach they just want
to make it a thing it's like don't don't
fuel that fire don't don't throw logs
the dudes who want a ranch on public
land for free and robbed guns and try to
keep the feds wigs a house light like
the guns like that was the thing right
when they first said guns are not
essential right then they pulled back on
that it was essential and then they
decided to stop it from being essential
cuz giant lie
outside a gun store yeah people kind of
tweaking and then people complained
about that and then they stepped in and
said it's not and everybody said fuck
you and then they go here we're kidding
you can have your guns so let me tell
you cuz cuz I had I directly experienced
this last week I bought a gun about it
unless first time you've ever owned a
gun no no I owned a gun back in the 80s
I used to target shoot with some guys I
worked with up in Oakland but I bought a
gun right because it all of this went
down and feel like why'd you buy a gun I
said because the purge went from a movie
to a documentary I don't want to be the
only one you know but but the way I had
to do it was you go online and you make
an appointment with the gun store and
then you show up and you wait outside
like they come with I bought a Glock 45
Oh stepping up yeah so I checked with
the gangbangers they were like yet it's
the one-year old sideways but but anyway
you had to wait outside you know six
feet apart or whatever and they brought
you in one at a time and and then I was
able to do it I did the background check
by the way the people who fight against
the the test in the background check
like how like you understand how have
you done that do you know how easy these
questions are very easy this questions
are they're like are you a felon yes are
you you know is there currently a
restraining order out against you like
well who who would check YES on that box
right well you know I'm pretty confident
that I'll pass and I'll get it and and
the guy was cool this is this was one of
my concerns was I was because I don't
you know I don't know what guns store to
go to right so I was so I said man don't
let me walk into some place where
there's a big confederate flag on the
wall in LA County yeah you can find
would listen listen Joe trust me on this
trust me on this there are be but anyway
no
guy was really foreign country off the
five yeah and the funny thing was the
one of the big things was the size of my
hands right so I big hands so he's kind
of like yeah man you got a try he
literally try it on and see how it fits
and the Glock fit my hand really well
and then I was asking about shotguns and
he was like tell him because I've fired
shotguns I've done that skeet shooting
stuff and he was talking to me about
tactical shotguns and so so he said yeah
you want to get he said you probably
won't win of these because you don't
really have to aim too well when you got
one of these he's just blast in the
direction I was like all right that
sounds good
so I'm probably gonna get one of those
too but yeah but it was cool and and you
know I get it like I'm you know it's
funny because people say that people
have accused maybe an anti gun and I'm
like no I'm not anti-gun I'm Pro
common-sense I'm Pro common-sense but we
thought some gun laws before this did
you think that people don't need to have
guns no I never thought people don't
need what I think you did because I've
talked about like we we don't need 50
round clips you know I had a joke I said
listen I got a 50 round clip for
self-defense I'm like if 50 people want
to kill you at the same time maybe it's
you perhaps there's some part of your
personality you need to look at I'll
tell you one thing I've always got about
guns I'm a motorcycle guy I'm a car guy
and I know some gun people and from the
mechanical artistic point like this is
you know what I mean yeah I get that
like yeah yeah there are guns that are
beautiful just from a mechanical
standpoint like you look like this is a
beautiful thing and and if you want to
shoot it and shoot targets and this and
that let great if you want to hunt like
you hunt I called you you remember I
texted you I said Joe if this shit goes
down I'm coming to your bunker cuz I
know you know how to kill animals like I
got a friend who knows how to kill
animals i'ma go hang out with him
earlier today someone was asking me if
would you be okay and I'm like you you
probably would not be okay with no
civilization because you'd break an
ankle and you die
you you get my infection and you die and
good luck finding animals all the time
and what if you run out of arrows or
what if you run out of bullets you can't
make your own bullets
well if you get real weird real quick
but but all of that aside but those are
the people who I'm like those are the
ones we need to watch the ones who's
like I gotta have this whole yeah bunker
full of ammo in this and add the
government housing gun the government's
coming to get me and all that like those
are the ones so when I talk about gun
laws and rid that's why I say common
sense there's a common sense level to it
you know that that I'm okay with but but
no I'm not anti I'm not anti gun um but
you can see the thing about people is
they think it's a slippery slope so if
you say I am for the Second Amendment
but I don't think you should have 50
round clips or I don't think you should
have didn't they're like whoa who gets
the suicide comments you know you know
who should decide should be the majority
it should be people but but again this
is where we're all one side or the other
and common sense is in the middle if we
had a government of Congress whatever
that could debate and talk about and
have input and say hey the hunters say
that we need this and and you know now
it all makes sense then you come up with
it with a reasonable gun thing like for
instance I think that cars are a good
example like we've regulated guns way we
regulate cars in a sense you have to
have a license and when you sell it even
privately if I sell my car to you I
notify the government like hey I just
sold my car to Joe VIN number blah blah
blah he's now responsible for you know
all right there for a second because if
someone just I need to find out this is
true someone just told me that in
Georgia they're gonna let kids have
driver's license down that's a hundred
percent true that you don't have to go
through a driver's test now like the
print up the last step of the like going
to the DMV we plot an article on that so
I could read what the parameters are
that is terrible yeah remember how bad
you were a driver when you first started
you know what again Joe when they do
this I'm like yeah why the hell not why
the hell not leaves road test
requirement for driver's license during
corner of iris Wow right cuz why would
you need a road test to drive a car the
state government will rely on the honor
system with parents giving young drivers
to ok to obtain a license in fucking
Georgia
Jesus Christ Joe once again once again
common sense see now that you saw that
and your common sense meter went oh hell
Georgie's reckless they're lettin people
go to barber shops to letting people get
a license with no test
you know George is right next to Florida
oh just sayin but I would think of no no
offense Florida but I would think of
Georgia above floor I think Atlanta
above any city that is in Florida no
offense Florida but me to be Miami's a
party city all the rest of them there's
not there's not a city that has the kind
of sophistication that Atlanta has right
but Atlanta is an island within Georgia
yes like an island I know so we look at
Georgia we think oh yeah Atlanta I've
watched that Real Housewives show the
rest of Georgia the rest of Georgia you
know there's a lot of well you know it's
like California right everyone thinks of
LA in San Francisco but there's a lot of
California in between LA and San
Francisco yes that is different like the
guy that's gonna run through violating
the constitutional rights and he's not
gonna enforce it yeah it's um California
on the way up to San Francisco when you
take that five that's what I was talking
about
yeah that's farm country with
anti-abortion billboards that's right
yeah and the whole water thing they're
fighting against the cities for the
water exact water rights yeah this is a
lot going on you know so so yeah I think
that again if it worked if the system
worked we'd have a system of
common-sense unfortunately we just have
one extreme of the other day the thing
about no guns it's like what do you
think this there's already millions of
guns out there so that that's impossible
like that's an unreasonable
it is very misleading there's not a
clean answer zone when people bring that
up the walls true you dude it like okay
first of all a there's only 20 million
people in the whole fucking continent
and it's a size the contiguous United
States so there's more people in
California than there is in Australia
right so shut the fuck up yeah and they
also did it over a period of time they
did it and they did it at it they did it
in a moment
about rage they did it in a moment about
rage and and unfortunately used us as an
example yeah you can still get guns over
there for hunting though yeah hunt with
guns over there
what kind of these people hunt in Canada
you know in Canada had a mass shooting
reason too long though yeah yeah but so
uh uh you know yeah like you said it's
one of those without an answer that's
the problem like if you offend if you
definitively think that this is the way
and you don't see the other side of it
then you're gonna always have this
polarized argument right ankle wind
would lose that if they'd lose the I
have to win right and just like let's
come up with a compromise that works but
the gun people like particularly NRA
people they don't think you should give
up any ground because if you give up any
ground from where we are right now it's
just a slippery slope you're gonna keep
taking and they do have a point with
some people now a lot of those people
that used to think like that now are
buying guns buddy - wife was you're
never having a gun you never have any
gun this shit went down you need to get
a gun like he said this it was a 180
switch and wrapping immediately when
everything was shutting down you start
thinking of people in their worst case
possibility rather than ah we live in a
nice area we're fine yeah and and again
you're right either extreme is is
impossible neither one wants to give up
in it yeah and you both have to give up
an inch you know neither one wants to
give an inch but you both have to give
an inch and you it you know and again
it's what we're talking about earlier
where the federal government the federal
government does need to be involved in a
sense where you have like Chicago that
has a huge gun problem partly because
you can just drive over to Indiana and
buy anything you want and bring it to
Chicago hmm is that what the problem is
yeah who else is Indiana to Chicago Gary
Indiana to Chicago and things like to
three-hour drive
oh and that's where guns come from when
I grew up in I grew up in New York City
right New York City has some of if not
the strictest gun laws in the country I
knew guys they you go down south you go
to Virginia North Carolina South
Carolina buy any gun you want drive up
and sell them in New York
because remember we are borders you know
there's no border between France you
drive I hope that stays the way it is I
know that's a terrible thing that people
were bringing guns from Virginia but I
hope the border thing stays the same I
want to drive across the country you can
just go yeah I think the border should
stay the same but I think there has to
be some sort of federal oversight to
this so what they're again what what you
can buy what's required to buy it what's
required if you had to provide ID to
show who you are and where you live so
now if you're in my gun you mean yeah
you should have more than that you
should definitely do that too though but
that's what I'm saying so now if you're
in one of the more lakh states like
Virginia and I'm just using these
example I don't know specific laws but a
Virginia or Arizona or something like
that you know you can't just go there
you live in California live in New York
and go there and buy one like you got to
prove like yeah I live in Arizona hmm so
I can buy it so I'm subject to Arizona's
laws yeah how does that work if you're a
citizen of the United States you drive
to Arizona you just buy a gun like you
live in Arizona I from what I understand
and listen I'm far from an expert I know
there's Robert sorry Google this but but
the gun shows I think that's where they
said you have a lot of lot of fuckery in
the gun yeah because the gun shows is
just one guy one person selling to
another and that's where it gets really
vague yeah that's what the rules people
buy all kinds of illegal shit right so I
think you you know I think in a gun
store you need to provide ID and stuff
like that but the gun shows yeah it gets
really kind of a gray area didn't Bruno
from didn't Sacha Baron Cohen this Bruno
character go to a gun show yeah let
super gay yeah guns are fun the problem
is people are morons it's not the
problem is not that guns aren't fun you
know I get yeah I like guns I have
friends who are really gun nuts you know
our friends that have so many guns they
don't know how many guns they have they
love guns and they love them for the
mechanical thing it's their hobby like
some people are really into muscle cars
some people
I'm absolutely cool with that because
most of the people I knew one guy who he
was one like I'd be worried about you
know he was one like I'm yeah this guy's
waiting for a reason I've a friend who's
a gun nut he got carjacked and he shot a
guy and killed him but most of the gun
guys I knew they collected him like you
said it was like muscle cars or
motorcycles yeah whatever it was just
their thing and and they were good what
and the other thing is the gun safety
you know need these idiots like there's
so many stories like yet a gun was in
the backseat and the kid shot the other
kid miss it's like come on there has to
be some kind of safety and liability
issue you know you like what's morons is
not you you'd never do that I would
never do that
right it's the problem as you're taking
something with godlike powers and you
give it it tomorrow man so there has to
be that you have to somehow you're too
dumb for a gun regulate tomorrow yeah
you know man we talked to a few people
and yeah are you a felon it should be
like a competency test you know I mean
you need a competency test to drive a
car because a car could be deadly well
no you don't need no you don't you just
need to go to George during the they're
probably taking so much heat for that
right now people are probably freaking
out then again maybe not because it's
Georgia yeah and again where where are
you so if you're way out on a farm in
Georgia and you want to drive the pickup
truck then that's probably okay but but
but if you're in downtown Atlanta right
at 16 and your parents are like yeah you
can have a license what the hell oh my
god blinkers gonna be in a panic that's
a limb but it's so it's such a poorly
fucking thought-out idea yeah who
decided that
who decided that you know you know yes
screw the screw to road-test
what was the Governor of Alabama that we
didn't want to shut down she goes we're
not California
yeah was that what it was yeah it's like
no you're not we're not California
craziest place in Alabama
have you been to Huntsville in the Dosan
Dothan Alabama I did the UFC there in
1997 first UFC ever did okay I've been
to a couple different places in Alabama
well here's the thing huntsville alabama
rocket scientists
it's where NASA is when I drove in
there's a Saturn 5 rocket shed it is the
last thing you're like this is Alabama
literally they are rocket scientists
must be some of the smartest people
that's exactly it
it's the last thing you would expect it
blew my mind
they blew I mean yeah the US Army these
are literally some of the smartest
people in the country in the world yeah
in Huntsville Alabama I bet they have
good food there though
yeah they had all kind of good but no
southern people know how to eat it was
one of those things that you're like man
this is this is insane
it's just weird like you didn't think I
didn't expect it there and that funny
when you think about that that people
have been cooking over fire forever but
southern people well I hold on let's
slow it down because they're not worried
about it being healthy I want some
chicken fried chicken with a cream sauce
when it's done when it's done right man
you know but that but then they take it
too far
right now we're deep-frying Twinkies
you're like okay stop this is done so
your heart just stops yeah but chicken
fried steak when done right with that
gravy and some mashed potatoes like I
remember one time we did a show in
Georgia at the club what was the club
there was at the funny bone punchline
punchline Atlanta we did we did that
Club and then afterwards we went to this
local diner that had chicken-fried steak
and I was like oh my god yeah it was so
they know how to make floor
you know insane you get some sweet
potatoes yesterday and then you know
some cobbler for dessert and like it but
nobody's counting calories nobodies
downtown yeah well I think the people
that probably earned the right to make
that food back in the day we're probably
working some crazy hours you do physical
labor all day like who fucking did all
those foods like who who was the first
guy to look at a barrel and look at
another better one I need a barrel where
I cook on and then I want another one
next to it so the smokes coming in on
the side slowly cook this fucker
somebody did it by accident and then
everything man that was good
or maybe they just like like cook
something like they go oh I need to cook
this like I don't have I don't want to
cook it right now I'm gonna like just
cab but a little bit me if I put a
little bit of a fire and just let it sit
for a while I don't have the time to pay
attention to it I'll come back do it let
it cook all day or or they tasted the
smoke in something and they're like man
that's good
how do we how do we just get that flavor
I don't know but thank God for him thank
God for him cuz they they do know how
not an American idea
Tory kiln smoke house the first smoking
device in smoking history and what did
they cook there was that salmon people
love smoked salmon just as meat just
meat Scotland oh yeah because in
Montreal smoked meat is like that's what
they call like deli meats yeah yeah it's
something like pastrami pastrami but it
melts in your mouth so much yeah the
place where you line up outside what is
that place called uh I don't know how
I'm forgetting the name cuz I've been
about yeah you and now here's a place
you talk about social distancing there
is no you had you just had to sit at the
bench next to whoever ya and eat your
smoked meat and then as soon as you
finish they were like alright get out
for you see yeah that's not the name of
the place yeah it was like a dude's name
like Franks
or something like that someone ranked me
but it's a smoked meat it's the most
don't don't below cup smokehouse look at
a smoked meat yeah there you go
see there it is smoked meats you see if
there's a restaurant shows as much as
we've done the festival look at that
12,000 reviews all five stars yes you
waited long you to get your smoked meat
you sit down next to whoever you eat it
and you get the hell out oh shit they're
open I guess there was the Rope doing to
go a Montreal it's so cold up there that
virus doesn't have a chance in Winnipeg
I remember the first time you wish for a
virus and Winnipeg yeah oh there's
something like the Jews know how to make
those goddamn meat sandwiches yeah
pastrami pastrami Reuben from Cantor's
yes I hope we don't lose too many
restaurants ma'am we're gonna lose a lot
of the private you know the ones that
aren't smart of a chain or yeah whatever
yeah we gotta support them yeah that
whole thing was crazy we're like Ruth's
Chris gets twenty million dollars and
you know all of that well I guess they
think of it from an economic perspective
Ruth's Chris employees you know fifty
thousand people whatever different
locations you know what it was it was
that they went by individual restaurants
so like if you had I think if you had
over six thousand employees or something
you were considered a big business but
each restaurant only has you know forty
fifty people so that's how they got the
money I had a small business right there
yet it got smaller included in it right
because has that stores on are less than
fifty years right they count each one
they don't count the whole nationwide
corporation they count each one and
that's why they got the money so
individually area
the money and likes you could own Alonzo
Bodden Ruth's Chris you could have your
own Ruth's Chris but what the theory was
that this money would be divided amongst
all of the restaurants but of course it
wasn't gonna happen the money was just
gonna go to corporate and then they
basically they got shamed out of you
know they were like they were shamed and
they wouldn't gave it back I don't know
if did Bruce Chris yet cuz cuz like
steak shack and the other place that
they were like now we're not gonna take
the money okay good Bruce Chris take
house returns a twenty million dollar
federal loan in response to public
demand I remember roost Chris back when
people thought butter was bad for you
they were putting butter on stage yeah
that's back when they're like who gives
a fuck about your health right like
butter on the steak and then the one
they realized that butter is actually
good for you like you ever hear the
story of how they got that name yeah I
forgot it was Chris's Steakhouse and
this woman bought it and in the contract
they had to keep it Chris Steakhouse so
that's why it's Ruth's Chris Steakhouse
oh good for her yes I fucking didn't
hurt her brilliant idea it was a great
idea she said that I think it was
originally like in Louisiana and Texas
and she said these businessmen travel
and everywhere they go they're gonna
want to eat steak so she started opening
up where the you know where these guys
went in business so that they would
recognize the restaurant woman very
smart woman
that's a franchise that's very accurate
that's how she built the franchise if
I'm with my friends we're gonna go eat
somewhere we look for a steakhouse right
and if you recognize one and you know
it's good yeah then that's where you go
yeah so good move that's a good move
yeah the whole Steakhouse thing it's
like that is a that's a very uniquely at
least we look at it that way a very
uniquely American thing I know they have
steak houses other places but I know you
know your numbers of steak houses we
have I think we have the number but
those Brazilian steak houses to Oscar is
where they just walk around with the
meat and you and now that that's a male
thing right you know just you
a woman to arrest around like look
they've got unlimited meat laughs that's
the man just like yeah just bring me
more keep bringing me meat focus meat
absolutely that place will wreck you
yeah green at the green square you will
flip the bitch over you will you will
give up sometimes they just keep coming
one after the other they just carve it
off for you right there but but it's
like that is such a yes that's like yeah
I'm just gonna sit here and I'm a meat
I'm not gonna eat again for three days
but and and don't go they're not hungry
don't you know means this is not a place
to go worrying about what you're gonna
eat like I have that little salad bar
over there and like yeah whatever just
keep bringing me different meat like the
green is up yeah that's our bars
bullshit yeah you know you want to lube
up the shooter that's um so it kind of
pushes pushes the shoot open a little
bit gets everything ready for the
barrage of carnage and I think this is
that time where we're you know for me
it's like I told you like you're doing
great you're staying in shape and
working out I'm trying to keep moving
I'm riding a bicycle here and there
Tory's starting to learn to jump the
rope but I will eat something like my
justification is like well listen is
deadly virus I don't want to die and not
have had pizza you know and I know it's
bullshit but it's what I can tell myself
is that's just what I tell myself to
justify eating this shit at this Ty's
like well listen you live by yourself
though yeah if we go we have meals
because I'm eating at home with the kids
and the wife so we every every meal is
like has to be healthy yes when you have
kids you can't feed kids bullshit right
like you have to have some healthy
choices you're teaching them to eat
healthy well no that's great you know
you're not doing any working out at all
no I do some the bicycle is actually ice
core you go outside
yeah bike yeah outside inside bike
treadmill
just so boring I get the discipline of
it but it's boring but now I'll get on
my bike but you know it's great you have
a treadmill or an inside bike is movies
yeah watch fucking movie you don't even
know you're doing and you're an hour and
a half in that's good it's over
mmm there's an idea that's the move Oh a
guy tall he was telling me he said get
this NordicTrack I guess it's like the
peloton and you know oh that's like
horizon oh no the traffic scheme that
was the old Nordic track but they make a
bicycle now that's like okay and he was
telling me out and I said man it's a lot
of money to spend for something to hang
my pants on gee when people have those
bullshit ski machines they pretend your
skin yeah nobody you used it
you used it three times it has its
cables these cables you move back and
forth and your feet slid back you could
tell if someone if you went over
someone's house and they didn't have
their shit together they either had one
of those or they had a Bowflex yeah they
had like one or the what was the one was
the one where it was it was just rubber
plates and you would pull them apart
remember it wasn't a Bowflex it was like
them no it was like that I don't
remember I do remember the Bowflex and
now they have a new Bowflex that's
actually like a bow yeah yeah yeah yeah
there's a bunch of bow exercise right
with it nobody's using that no oh maybe
I'll use it okay but you know why
because the commercial they get somebody
who goes to the gym who works out
regularly to do the commercial and say
yeah 20 minutes a day with this and I
have this body and you're like no you
don't cuz I know people with that body
and their discipline is beyond belief
like I used to I used to work with this
trainer at Gold's and she was like
amazing shape she had been a bodybuilder
and then she shifted over to Fitness you
know and she just just cut up and
beautiful and this and that and and I
used to tell her I was like you
understand if you lived in like Oklahoma
or Iowa like women would kill you like
they just wouldn't allow you to exist
because you have this perfect body you
know cuz because when they had that
whole thing about women's bodies and
that the false what was it the false
image of women's by I said the problem
with that is when you're in LA that's
not really false because those women the
models who do those pictures are here
yeah they're there you go to the
unrealistic body expectation right yeah
they're not unrealistic for guys though
yeah if you if you if you see nobody
ever says that about you will
bodybuilders or bullshit because they're
fat guys or need love too right you've
given us unrealistic body expectation
nobody says anything about that no but
but because but it's all bad about men
that look like shit right women walking
around like a guy who looks like shit
has a shot you know what I mean like
women aren't as we don't care about that
women aren't as picky about it as men
are in our minds you know you know what
I'm saying well it's also that men
controlled the advertising and men
objectified women in these ads but when
men objectify men in the ads for women
no one cares well you know why because
if the guys too pretty he's gay yeah
he's not but I mean that's the dismissal
like in other words when women look at
that woman and they sell that image they
never say she's trying to achieve that
image right but but when they show men
that guy men are just like yeah but he's
gay then they don't have to try to
compete with him yeah you know I let me
tell you something man I was hanging out
with Tyson Beckford you know Tyson is a
bit too handsome it was it was comical
it was literally I laughed like the the
way women would react when they saw him
and the fact that you don't even exist
in the world but but it wasn't it's not
even trying to compete it's like it okay
well I'm gonna play a pickup game with
LeBron James you know what I mean it was
like no no it is no well he's got two
things going on you just look it was
just fun to watch but he's also got two
things going on he's famous too yeah so
he's famous as fuck and he's beautiful
yeah and he's tall and handsome he's got
everything yeah yeah it was just that
kind of thing so you know so yeah the
unreal
allistic expectation need you know my my
unrealistic expectation went right out
the window is like a I ain't competing
with that girls do get mad though but I
think some guys get mad too
yes some do bitch dudes but girls will
get really angry if they see like some
some bitch that just showed up at the
gym she's got a perfect bond right and
then you're on your treadmill looking
down yourself yeah yeah and then if they
do the whole sexy out workout outfit and
the whole thing you know yeah they get
mad at their husbands - what the fuck
you looking at oh yeah but you know it's
but again here in LA or like Miami oh
yeah
Miami is Miami should be rated our first
like when you get off the plane they're
like listen you're too young to be here
you're gonna gonna have to go up to Fort
Lauderdale it's not even rated R because
you can read it or you can go with your
parents if your parents are assholes
fourteen slasher movie the nc-17 like
this kid in here the women walking
around Miami it's so sexy it again it's
just comical you know it this is the
other thing that like getting older like
being my age I'm in my 50s where I'm not
chasing them anymore so it's just fun to
watch right you know I mean because it's
like watching nature documentaries yeah
it's like this is amazing like this you
see this was an exotic bird and he's
just like she walks around like that
every day all the time she just looks
like that it's incredible well it's also
such a superficial culture too is like
there's people over there that are
really rich there's a lot of floss in
there's no wearing the latest shit and
driving the fastest the whole thing
because diamonds on your watch and yeah
it's just fun to watch you know if you
just caught up in it if you get caught
up in trying to be that then you got
problems but as long as you remember
it's entertainment because that's what
it is well it's a city that was sort of
built on cocaine yeah exactly which and
and that's why it's funny now with
marijuana right with weed they're like
we don't know what to do with the weed
money and this in a sec well talk to the
people who did Miami in the 80s because
they managed to turn all that cocaine
money into a city like they've managed
to well that's already been going on
with weed in places where it's illegal
like in Vancouver for the longest time
there's a documentary that was in way
back in the day called the Union and it
was all about how even though marijuana
is illegal in Vancouver the city
literally depends on it the industry is
built on there's so much money in
marijuana in Vancouver I mean people
kind of forgot about it because
California has it legal now and Oregon
and Washington State as illegal now
right but for the longest time we got a
lot of our weed from from Vancouver a
lot of British Columbia wheat and so
this documentary was essentially showing
how it's completely interconnected with
the economy up there its enormous and if
they pulled out somehow another if
marijuana and all the merriment a lot of
money just went away and it didn't exist
anymore the economy would probably fall
apart or need a huge readjustment and
that's way Miami was yes yes I am II was
like while the banks yeah real estate
like that was building office buildings
and condos and was yeah it was you know
but what a city it's beautiful at a city
it's a wild place it's also on like a
very porous stone which will absolutely
go under water soon and again I love I
have Florida friends I love them God is
continually trying to destroy Florida
just throwing things just hurricanes and
have tornadoes and just every just yeah
just keep throwing this is California's
California band pythons and alligators
two two things are trying to kill all
day long in Florida so you can't even
buy Python skin things I mean literally
there's like a market for their invasive
it's a fucking giant snake that comes
from another part of the war
all that shit Eevee nothing can kill it
Florida their kill they're paying people
to kill them you can't even sell the
skins in California and it but the thing
with alligators it's like why would you
go near any water in Florida you know I
mean like if there's a puddle like yes
stay away there's probably and I'll get
I remember I played golf in Florida and
they were like yeah when you hit your
ball in the water like you don't like
it's gone there was a huge one that just
caused a traffic jam so see if you can
find that it was out today in the news
there was a huge alligator in Florida
that was causing a traffic jam because
it was walking across the road and
people like what the fuck like 16 foot
animals like since humans are locked
away animals are coming out they're like
going down into town looking for food
really yeah yeah I hear my fucker
I hear coyotes and owls oh yeah and and
stuff you know at night like yeah
they're close
they're moving in if we it's as soon as
we're gone if we if we got wiped out
this place would be overrun with animals
and weeks yeah nature would come back
really quick maybe come back really find
it is it two years old yeah it's is
April 2018 there's no one that's new no
there's not one that's new so it looks
like another one and that's in Jackson
Jacksonville is the town that there's a
lot of crazy
are you that's what the UFC is gonna be
yeah there's a lot of that's where the
beach thing was going there where the UH
the spring break beaches were going and
all right nothing new all right maybe
it's an old one someone sent me yeah
man found eaten by alligator actually
died of meth overdose no you fuckin dude
I've a meth overdose and the alligator
comes along and eats you oh my god doing
a podcast called fear not
with a guy named Barry Glassner who
wrote a book called the culture of fear
and it's about you know what we fear
it's decided and we had a segment to the
podcast that was just called fear
Florida because every week something
would happen in Florida like Florida it
just yeah city of Lakeland closes
portion of part because of snake orgy of
course of course look at the date look
at the date Valentine's Day it's 11-foot
alligator was found inside a Clearwater
home last week of course you could you
could you could do this with no end
Florida it's just an amazing and again
some good people Tampa I love the city
of Tampa
yeah I have great shows there I love
Tampa yeah but man I've had great times
in West Palm earth at the improv down
there yeah
but some of the stories you hear and
some of the things that happen you're
just like Florida you guys like Florida
past Mississippi a long time ago used to
be Mississippi even California we used
to be the crazy state yeah California
with used to now we can't come Florida
it was Miami used to call it God's
waiting room yes that's right the New
York people they didn't want to deal
with the winter anymore yeah now it's
just chaos there's so many alligators
there does he ever watch small people oh
one of the guys that's one of those
shows that when you see it you're like I
have to watch this one of the guys it's
a commercial killer of valuators he got
a tag for 500 alligators you can kill
five that's how many they have 500
alligators that's a there's not there's
not shortage these five things my
favorite thing about Swamp People is
they're speaking English and they still
have subtitles in English but they have
subtitles
there's that sort of Cajuns way of talk
which is real interesting right because
that's a really unique subset southern
accent that is the hillbilly handfishin
yeah I've seen that with a noodle yeah
they catch the catfish by letting it
clamp down their arm right what in the
fuck yeah I guess if you get one of
those fuckers that's like a hundred
pounds yeah that's a lot of meat a lot
of meat so I guess they grab the gills
mm-hm let this thing bite their arm they
put their hand in its mouth and let it
bite their arm and then they grab the
gills and told this fucker out remember
we were talking about the guy who ate
this slug yeah you know that was the
first hillbilly handfishin guy was like
hey watch this and he stuck his hand
inside of a catfish and pulled it out
and they were like I'll be damned
that's we got a way to do it yeah how
many guys lost their hands to snapping
turtles doing that yeah they're not
gonna they didn't they never give you
the bad side snapping turtles scare the
fuck out of me when I lived in Florida
for a bit and when I was 11 years old I
lived there I was 13 and we used to find
these fucking Turtles I guess their
tortoises right because they're on dry
land I think it would be huge and they
can bite through yeah they bite your
crotch eleven-year-old kid one decides
to bite your dick that's it they catch a
finger I slice your finger right off
clean off we would put sticks near them
and they would bite the sticks yeah
we're so stupid well you know you were
11 I was also around alligators all the
time when I was 11 we used to go and
throw marshmallows into the water and
there was sign it's telling you to stop
feeding the alligators marshmallows
right awhile but the alligators back
then were actually they were endangered
and they were protected but then the
population grew sky rocks so much
it went from them being protected to
them giving someone five hundred tags to
kill them I know a lifetime in Orlando
there was one of those alligator farms
like you go and I said that's for like
when Dad gets tired and after his third
day at Disney World when he's tired of
the kids it's like all right that's good
see some alligator
I don't give a shit okay well there's
something about alligators that we want
to see always because they're so primal
it's such a dinosaur yeah yeah they're
dinosaurs right they've been around
forever right I've seen that video where
the lady's throwing chickens off the
balcony to these crocodiles and they're
grabbing the meat and eating it and one
of them reaches and doesn't get the meat
and he just grabs his buddy's leg and
spins and rips it off and swallows it
and his buddy doesn't even it doesn't
even budge did you just ate his foot and
he literally just looks around like or
other crocodile rather just ate his foot
he doesn't even react well that was like
like the one way what is it a deer or
something's at the riverbank maybe
crocodile jumps out of the river and
bites the whole thing and pulls it watch
this so she throws this meat right they
all stumble for it and this one grabs
ahold that one's foot and just watch
does the death roll pops off the leg and
then just swallows it boom thanks and
look at the one he just ate is fucking
on every academic did you just eat this
foot just eat my fucking hand
how have we let this thing survive
they're so gross they have moss growing
all over their back a creepy ass fucking
monster I was Google just an alligator
snapping turtle which is the cross of
both things about an alligator snapping
turtle yeah oh jeez oh I've seen those
those are fucking enormous yeah they're
nasty where do those live I didn't like
this shows a map of it I think look at
that thing Mexico and Central America
what the fuck you know what I like that
guy in the Hat that's how that guy
always looks right Yeah right like he's
always that guy he's hoping to be the
next Crocodile Dundee he's a good
environment shit no yeah he's the guy
that does all the get standby stuff what
is his name again Heidi Peters oh yeah
he's he's a silly silly man but that's
that's the or alligator one on the left
and a regular world he's the guy let's
he lets those bugs bite him and shit
that have like crazy there's a new show
talking about I watched a lot of it on
the History Channel these two guys once
an Australian dude once an American and
they go and they get they like let
themselves feel the pain and then
explain it mmm Oh a little gnarly way
then he does almost dude hold up while
we're doing this back that up a little
bit while we were just talking look at
the fucking right there leave run there
watch his fucking claws oh yeah so they
go over his body here and you see the
plates underneath them and then they
show his claws look it's like a grizzly
bear yeah and then they close in on his
face mm-hmm look at the Yap on that
thing that might as well be in the Lord
of the Rings I might as well be an orc
they might as well be riding a horse
swing you thought the honey badger
didn't give a shit yeah the alligator
turtle what what threat does he have is
there anything that probably there's a
threat to him I saw a video of a sea
turtle that had a whole bite taken out
of it like a cookie from a shark yeah I
saw a bull shark through a fucking sea
turtle cut through his shell cut half
the body out and it was swimming away
with three legs and the entrails were
hanging out I was like well that's the
other thing that's been here since the
beginning right sharks yeah look at that
look at that bite marketer's metal
naturist metal is a great Twitter
Instagram page rather yeah yeah the one
in the middle up left it looks like
something took a bite out of it and it
lived look at that it's healed up yeah
Wow Jesus Christ it's hard out there for
a pimp yeah yeah the oceans the cruelest
bitch yeah cuz this shit down at it
everything's eaten somebody right there
like imagine if that was the outside
world like everywhere you look as a fish
trying to eat a fish something trying to
kill you all the time all the time it's
like Africa like this the Serengeti
squared yeah you know there's always
something and and we have no natural
defenses yeah we got nothing we can't
even move we got no fur we got no claws
you got some scales we just we're
delicious you know I mean like if you're
a predator
just an unarmed human being is so easy
so easy and the fact that we're so
stupid
at least on the ground you feel like you
might be able to like grab a rock and
throw it at it or stab it with a knife
but when you're in the ocean yes you
know fuck you can't breathe you can't
even scream you're moving - you're the
slowest thing you're thrashing around
how fast a shark moves and I'll fucking
slow you are yeah and you're like oh
just curious the Sharks like oh here
they come again the buffet what would it
take to get you to start hunting you
know I don't know didn't have the
patience for it mmm I'm not you know it
if you were starving well yeah obviously
then but but I think hunting it's
there's a patience to it it's one of
those things where you wait a long time
for that moment of action I see what
you're saying it was some hunting like
tree stand hunting you have to have an
incredible amount of patience sit in a
tree and you stay still and you stay up
there a long time but spot and stalk
hunting it's not as much patience spot
and stalk what you're doing is you're
you're moving along slowly and then you
pull your binoculars you glass the area
sometimes you sit down you glass the air
and then you find the animal and you
slowly move towards them you try to play
the wind so the wind is blowing at you
so the animals you yeah that kind of
hunting is actually very very exciting
but it's also very rigorous exercise
you're going up and down mountains it's
like right you have to be in really good
shape to be like if you're gonna hunt
elk or mountain goats or some shit like
that you got to be in a really good
shape yeah I don't know did that be my
thing you know there's a food charge if
you get listen if there's a food
shortage I'm a big guy there's gonna be
a smaller guy who as food man I don't
know I mean in in some kind of disaster
situation you're talking about like
earthquake type deal yeah then then I
would go but otherwise I'm
thought about leaving here you know I've
got friends who've left because of the
cost of living and they're living much
higher standard living in other places
but but I love LA at the end of the day
I love this part you know the weather
the the the roads I get to play with the
motorcycles this and that so this is so
my lifestyle I mean I'm mainly a road
guy I could live anywhere and still do
90% of the work I do but I love living
in LA so if I were somehow priced out of
it that would be the only way left I
mean obviously yeah if there's an
earthquake or a disaster or something
then
then I'll head - I love living la the
way la was okay yeah I don't know if
that's gonna be the case anymore it said
that I'm like one of those guys like if
you play musical chairs I'm like this
fucking music could shut off any second
now yeah now your kids have always lived
here
right they grew up here so what would
their what do you think their thought
would be somewhere either adaptable man
they adapt really quickly it's
interesting because that's one of the
things that I've noticed about them
doing their schoolwork online they do
this could work on computers and they're
adapting they just dealing with it they
have face time with their friends you
know it's it's interesting it's and I'm
really proud of them for their their
ability to adapt and not freak out about
it and just accept you know and we're
spend a lot of time together we do a lot
of movie nights I watch every fucking
Adam Sandler movie that ever existed
basically except Little Nicky I haven't
seen that one yeah but uh I don't I
don't think I think as long as the
family's there and there's other kids to
be friends with kids can do all right
they'll adjust yeah well eat that I mean
not even partly a big part of that is
testament to you and your wife as
parents to have kids who are like that
you know versus some kind of spoiled la
kid yeah couldn't have you know well
sometimes moving is good yeah no listen
if I had to I was just talking with a
friend this summer is 40 years for me in
LA I moved here in 1980 yeah so this
summer is 40
because his 40 year was this month and
we were talking about it like when we
first came here we were kids you know
1819 right out of high school moved from
New York to LA and just mind blown and
I've been here long enough to see that's
why I said when you talk about LA how it
used to be I can think of a few versions
of the LA I've lived in you know listen
I got a buddy we talked about it
we could have bought parking lots in
downtown LA for 25,000 bucks you know I
mean downtown LA used to be like what
you see a Skid Row used to be the whole
downtown was like nobody went downtown
in that crazy you went downtown to the
bankers and insurance people would air
during the day and then at 5 o'clock it
would just close how that happened and
because there was nothing there there
was no reason why they build those
buildings down there because I don't
because it was business and office
buildings I guess felt they needed to be
downtown but in that weird that they
would just have this one spot where
there's all these tall buildings the
only part in all of LA and no one wanted
to live there yeah yeah and that's the
opposite of other cities right like if
you go to downtown Minneapolis there's
all these big buildings and a bunch of
apartments and people live down there
and it's totally normal
they tried to develop I remember in it
in the 80s they tried to develop
downtown and nobody would move down
there and in 90s they tried to develop
downtown and people just wouldn't move
there and then they finally when they
got Staples Center and then they said
the big difference was grocery stores
they said when they open grocery stores
because before if you live downtown you
had to go to like Brentwood or some
people Rock or Pasadena like you had to
get on the freeway to go buy food so
once they developed the grocery stores
then people start and and it was also I
think it was also a matter of everywhere
else got crowded and expensive so
initially downtown was cheap and then it
became the the cool spot to be
but it's so bomb infested oh yeah so
crazy how many homeless people are shit
on the streets out there but but again
like if you know it's one of those if I
knew then what I know now you know I
mean like in the 80s man I could have
just bought up just a parking lot
maybe there's a spot right now there
isn't we don't we don't know where it is
you know Inglewood Inglewood five years
ago because now Engel was getting a new
football stadium the new basketball
arena they're developing notes but now
it's too late Frank so so who knows what
that next area what are they called
gentrification absolutely yeah
yeah I wonder because I wonder how much
of an effect this is gonna first of all
I've talked to my friends in New York
City and they said that a lot of the
real estate people are preparing for a
mass exodus they're saying first of all
if New York City can't be New York City
anymore
like you can't be everybody's just
coming there from everywhere else and
filling the streets it's super crowded
if that can't be the case then what is
it and if it really is a place where the
virus might kick back in again and have
a second wave people are not gonna want
to buy there well just look at look at
the past right because if you look at
New York in the 60s and 70s people
didn't want to live in a city they lived
in the suburbs right and then the
gentrification was all the people in the
suburbs their kids wanted to live in the
city huh so it would be another movement
out of the city to the suburbs and the
cities would I don't know fall is the
right word but the cities would know you
know you know I mean because Commerce
wise it's always gonna be in the city
because business is done there but
that's know but that's the other but
that's changing now when with virtual
should virtual stuff but there's there's
especially New York New York's going to
be a city because New York is a gateway
into the United States and New York is
banking you know Wall Street and all of
that so to an extent New York's gonna be
New York but as far as people living
there yeah a lot of people they may go
to their homes
in the Hamptons or in whatever and say
you know what I don't need to go to city
about all those restaurants that have
been there forever like Keens Steakhouse
yeah some of those are already they're
already saying some of those won't be
back already saying some of those places
won't be back like New York had so many
restless has so many things
but we don't who knows right no like in
like fashion right who knows is fashion
gonna be a thing or are we all gonna
just wear sweatpants now people have
been doing these things where they're
wearing suit and tie yeah but we're in
short shorts they get busted yeah shorts
and underwear right yeah so you know
yeah what's the new normal gonna be in
so many levels cars right people now
they're buying cars online so is it
gonna go back to going down to the car
dealership and arguing with this guy and
and all that bullshit or is it just
gonna be like hey man I'm going online
this is what I'm paying and then I'm
gonna go down there and pick up my car
I don't know well a lot of people are
still gonna want to kick the tires drive
it a little bit see what it is you don't
know there's so many cars that drive so
differently you don't know what to
expect unless there's a place where you
get test drive a car you're gonna be
more reluctant to make that well you can
you can still test drive but the
negotiation and the bullshit part our
people still gonna want to do that
they're gonna want to because it's gonna
be a limited number of cars especially
the cars that got that get overpriced
like a new Corvette like there they sell
them way above sticker right cuz there's
not that many of them those kind of cars
you're still gonna be able to make money
yeah but the cars that are the most cars
that sell the transportation car the
Camrys Accords and stuff like that yeah
do people really they're like I don't
need to test drive it I know what it is
well the real problem is it's a supply
and demand thing right and then the
other thing is like do we need to keep
making cars like how many of these cars
that we still have could we fix up right
and get get on the road again and with
at what point in time do we stop every
year flooding the market with a million
new cars or whatever the number is yeah
but it's part of our economy it is and
it's a tradition and and you got all
these people in Georgia now who are
gonna be driving our economy fixing cars
yeah you know and there's there's
there's something to be said for that
more of that is going away because cars
are so efficient and digital now you
know that that
mechanic that you used to go to down the
street like he doesn't exist anymore
because he's got to have all this
equipment to plug the car in ya and find
out you know I mean I Drive a BMW and I
say like when you lift the hood of my
car
dish it should just say none of your
business there's nothing under here for
you to touch you don't know how unit you
know what I mean like looking at you
have to take this to the dealer and in
so many cars are like that now yet Tesla
the electric cars are all gonna be like
that you have to you're gonna have to
take it back it's gonna be like and
where you bought it yeah you gonna have
to look and if there's a an accident I
don't even know like you can't take a
Tesla to a body shop right you have to
take it back to Tesla or what no I don't
know bring it to a body shop okay yeah
different body shops that serviced Tesla
only right yeah
yeah that's right you gotta have you
gotta have a guy who knows because it's
digital sensors as this and at the other
it's not just putting a fender back on
because that fender has a camera in it
and a sensor and addition to that right
depending upon what happened - right
yeah yeah those that's the future - the
future is a missional so what we're
accustomed to we're seeing here over the
last month where there's no fucking
pollution this guy that's probably gonna
be the future and people also have to
adapt
you know people from a technological
standpoint in other words like if you've
been fixing well I'll give you an
exactly used to fix carburetors then you
better learn to fix fuel injection cuz
all cars are fuel-injected now there's a
few classic cars with carburetors and
there's a few guys that they need to fix
them but other than that yeah if you
want to work so so you're gonna if
you're fixing cars either you're gonna
have to adapt to this digital car or
you're just gonna go out of business
you know this are you gonna work on old
cars yes always but it's not gonna be
that many you know I mean it becomes
more of a specialty because there are
fewer of them yeah it's like 60s muscle
cars right there they're great but there
aren't enough to support all the
mechanics that used to fix them that's
true you know so you you you got to
adapt
you gotta adapt and as always those
people shake these new ones ain't no
it's like not a new ones
good it's different used to yeah it's
not my thing
fucking spaceship yeah how's it not your
thing it's amazing this guy told me he
told me something and when he told me it
hit he said you know why you don't like
Tesla's he said because you like cars
and the Tesla's and appliance and I was
like yeah that's it it's so you know it
doesn't make any noise it works but it
doesn't have the visceral feel of you
you drive a 911 right yeah one of those
it's a different thing does not have
that visceral feel of driving no but
it's way better to drive efficiently
yeah not just efficiently the way it
moves I know just go with a round thing
so quickly like you accelerate it's the
instant torque it's an instant torque of
electric motors but I still any you know
maybe I'm that dinosaur whatever and I
don't knock Tesla's like if you want a
Tesla have a Tesla and have fun with I'm
not saying you shouldn't I just know
it's not for me now I prefer engines
I like engines - I like shifting my own
gears I like manual transmissions but I
also like that Tesla okay it's fun as
fuck that again I get it you know and
and then and I also get the people who
say hey if you're sitting in traffic on
the 405 and the car can drive itself let
it do it yeah you know
oh it's Wayne blessed restful I'm also
Joe I'm also out there on a motorcycle
man and I see I'm scared of Tesla people
that's a point they trust the automatic
driving so much not paying attention
right yeah and I'm out there like I'm
their target ah I don't know that that
test I don't know that your car sees me
on a bike that's a good point my friend
was saying that he answers his emails
when he's driving I'm like oh my god no
you know yeah he does he goes yeah I do
I can answer my emails I go wide on the
highway people do things behind the
wheel that was scared a hell out of here
like now that's what they're trusting
the freeways are empty now people are
driving so fast and it's people who
don't know how to drive fast I don't
mind someone driving fast who knows how
to drive fast or they have a car I mind
it may go fast
yeah but you got pee I mean man I'm
doing 80 and getting just
rocketing past me like I know you're
doing a hundred yeah I know you're doing
a buck a car driver class 180 miles an
hour
on Michigan Highway during lockdown yeah
what was he driving a 2016 Dodge
probably yeah okay Wow 180 helicopter
yeah they saw him in any jeez one saw
him in and made they waited for him set
it up
Hellcat challenger that's what it is
okay you know shit about son of a bitch
yeah that but but there are people and
there are a lot of cops out now you know
yeah there's a lot of cops right in
tickets good you know you don't want a
hundred mile an hour ticket how about a
hundred eighty you know they must just
put you in jail think 180 here day I
think any California I think you go to
jail at a hundred or more really they
can they don't necessarily do but 180
this is a real good one a be locked up
he said my fault I was speeding that's
another vehicle sorry according to the
office well my fault
sorry well sounds good the other car
that that wasn't in Detroit not in
Detroit I thought sorry ain't gonna work
they had to be somewhere in outer
Michigan somewhere and sorry sorry
getting you off the hook you know
Michigan's a good example of how things
can change right because Michigan used
to be Detroit used to be the most
profitable or the richest state or the
richest city rather let me get this out
right Detroit used to be the richest tip
it used to be a hugely rich city back
when they were making cars there yeah I
mean they still make some cars there but
back when it was the place don't don't
even get me started on the American car
industry but crazy you talk about a
group that took it for granted and
didn't adapt to the times
yeah and literally sat there and watch
the Japanese take all of their business
they they watched the camry become a
chevy you know used to be just you know
by Chevy versus Ford right you you
remember your family you had Chevy
families and Ford families it was but
there was no talk of an end date they
that market and they just sat back and
let built crappy cars and blah blah blah
and let that whole thing go it's
ridiculous Wow things get weird when you
ship stuff overseas to or ship jobs
overseas things are cheaper to make in
Mexico or they're cheaper to make a
China yeah that exists but but as far as
the cars they I mean American cars in
the 70s and 80s were garbage garbage
they were and and that was a choice the
cook the factory could have made they
could have made better cars and they
just chose not to do you think people
are gonna be more open to the idea of
american-made businesses supporting
american-made businesses after you
realize how difficult it is to get
things from China during a pandemic and
how we're so relying on China for
medicine and for electronics and so many
different things one would hope I think
there's two ways to do it either
we do that support American businesses
or and this is a worldwide thing open up
to the idea of globalization where
things where it's a global economy not
an individual nations economy you know
then who runs it China no the fuck out
of here
America no well the same people who run
it now right the bankers right there I
mean they don't give a shit I don't give
a shit about where the money comes from
they're running the money worldwide you
know they're they're in in contact with
each other you know I mean that and I'm
not even talking from a conspiracy
theory thing like that's just how it
works
money flows throughout the world and and
so if you're financing I don't know if
you're financing Apple computer and
Apple computer is building their
computers in China if you're to Bank on
Wall Street you don't care you care
about Apple paying their stock dividends
or paying their bills you know what I
mean so so the bankers who run this who
are behind it they don't give a shit
right I just want to make sure it stays
profitable right they don't want to
sacrifice that for some ideal of it's
good to buy American right right but if
you can show some if you can show a way
to profitably make it
and you'd have to get people from
America to really find value and buying
something that's America because it
would cost more like how much would it
cost to didn't we've done this before
how much would it cost to make an
American phone everything everything
made over here isn't even possible I
don't think so isn't that crazy
when you think about how many people
here have phones you know how many
people are addicted to phones we can't
even make our own but we gave that up
but forever well can't we adjust own the
only way to just is if other countries
bring up their standard living to ours
and their income level ours then the
price of labour becomes the same because
that's the big variable that's of course
you make so much value in things be an
American that you'll pay more for it the
same way you pay more for labels right
like you'll pay more for Nike than you
do for some no-name sneaker but then
then you have to make it a better
product
well Nikes a really good product but
there's some sneakers that are not as
well-known that are also really good
products that they'll cost like half as
much yeah because Nike has a lot of
name-brand value I don't know why I'm
using the word Nike but it could be
anything you could have addy disease
there's a lot of things that people will
buy and they'll pay more for because
it's a brand yeah branding makes a
difference but it's what about the brand
of American made you again make it
better this was a thing right when an
American car not necessarily better it's
there's a pride and owning Nike you
you've owned something that's got a
great label what about a pride in owning
something that's made in America but you
also have faith in the label in other
words when you buy a Nike shoe
that's true you have faith that this is
a good shoe it's a quality shoe right
yeah so if if there was a time when made
in America meant it was better right
that cars are a perfect example so you
automatically bought it so now you have
to once again build that in and it takes
a long time this is another thing about
American economy versus world right
American economy they're based on the
profits in the next quarter you know
where it's like Toyota was making plans
in the 70s to run
America took the world car market in the
90s like they plan long-term you have to
look at it like that that it's not just
a matter of quarterly dividends you you
have to look at what are we doing with
this company and it has to constantly
make more money every year it has to
make more money than the last that's how
you know it's doing well yeah and you
have stockholders that you have to you
know your you have to listen to them and
you adapt and try to make a better
product I mean you look at like Windows
right like we're on Windows whatever
we're not still on Windows one yeah
because they were like oh this works
better oh this didn't work we got to
change that
oh this works better and they you keep
adapting and changing the product or the
same thing now sometimes you know like
with the Apple would iPhones it's like
sometimes lucky that phone you just
change it for the sake of change in it
like there's a reason there was no
iPhone 9 right they were like all right
we can't fool them anymore we got a
whole 10 because it was the 10th year is
that is that 10 year anniversary of the
iPhone 1017 it started out in 2007 so
2017 there's iPhone X to mark the
ten-year anniversary that's why there's
no iPhone 9 but there is an iPhone 9 now
it's yes see I see yeah so you need to I
think you can do it but you have to
build a value into making it am area and
part of that is is marketing right like
that the f-150 there's nothing more
American than a Ford pickup truck but
it's made in Mexico is it really yeah
there's f-150 plants in Mexico they're
not all made here in the US just like
BMWs SUVs are made in South Carolina
yeah made in Ohio so you and this is
what I'm talking about about the global
part they figured out well it was
cheaper to make because America buys the
most SUVs so BMW said well let's just
make them there then we don't have to
ship them across an ocean right makes
sense and then the same thing probably
the NSX so like listen there's gonna be
a bunch of wacky Americans buy this
fucking super horsepower four-wheel
drive Honda right so you make it they're
big now when you talk about that value
there are some things like
like Ferraris you know like it's a
Ferrari so it it has a value to it in
the fact that it's Italian adds to the
value of it right just yeah they yeah
when you talk about adding value like
some Italian like we're just like well
yeah that's even though a lot of times
the quality was like you know falling
off or whatever but it was just the fact
that it's Italian so yes we could do
that but I don't know that that anybody
will yeah I was designed by artisans
that's the idea I mean if you go my
buddy mine went to Lamborghini factory
he said first of all he goes they
stopped working for like two or three
hours and they just eat pasta and take
naps yeah and he's like it takes forever
to make a car yeah but they do it all by
hand yeah you know and and it there
really is an art to it oh yeah yeah we
don't I mean we don't make bad cars
anymore the cars we make now are getting
a lot better than they used to be like
especially SUVs like the new Lincoln
Navigator is amazing I love that there's
a new Escalade that they're gonna
release right look gonna be amazed
fucking incredible which they had to do
cuz the new Navigator was so and then
they have the new mid-engine Corvette
which is a monster I mean that's not
incredible platform that they're
operating on people that drive it said
it's like leaps and bounds better than
any Corvette that's ever existed before
and then we have great Camaros there's a
lot of shit they make now that's good
the new Mustangs are amazing there are a
lot of great American cars a problem is
they let their reputation slack so much
that if you talk to a new car like a
first time car buyer and ask them what
they want they're not gonna name an
American car they want up Mercedes or a
Porsche right or they want or you know a
Toyota or a Honda or something like that
I'm super alive you know people would
ask me what to buy and cars and I'd
always tell them get a Honda cause it's
just gonna run forever it ain't gonna
break Toyota same thing Toyotas the same
you know but yeah you get one of those
and and I wish I could say get a get a
Chevy and I'm sure there is one but I
don't know what it is I don't know what
to do I've owned two of those original
NSX's I had one I got rid of it I got a
second want to get rid of that
I never had a problem no not a single
problem in their sports cars yeah
mid-engine sports car like a race car no
problems last forever yeah and and they
were all built like that then it's just
a level of quality but yeah you're right
listen the Camaros that the Navigator is
the Mustangs there's so many cars like
that that are great American cars but
people they again you hurt your
reputation for so long so many bad ones
for so long at people man I had a 78
Corvette it's the worst car I ever owned
it was mad Joe and and when it would
break it wasn't mild like it wasn't you
know no it was like oh yeah your intake
manifold cracked like you know intake
manifold like a major metal piece of und
like yeah that's just cracked yeah your
radiator the bottom of it just rusted
out to nothing just you know like it was
oh man
that and what ultimately killed the car
what's the wheel came loose the wheel
came off the car was dry did some brake
off of the suspension yeah yeah baby
what did the control arms the control
arm behind the brake yeah oh it just
yeah so it lost the wheel cars they were
because that was when they were trying
to figure out emissions and they were
trying to figure out mileage and you had
like you had a small-block v8 engine I
remember the Carly made 180 horsepower
like like I have motorcycles that make
that much horsepower this was a Corvette
how slow would of the of Joe it was a
horrible so crazy cuz now the base
models like 4/6 yeah but at that time
you know in 1978 that's when they had
the Mustang to maro was a full-size
Camaro that came with like a six
cylinder engine that made like 98 horse
Chevelle yeah
it was this big steel car with a little
yeah it was American cars where you know
I love my country those cars were
garbage
that was a Mustang you met imagine going
from go take that get a good look at it
right get it now I want you to say 69
Mach 1 now you Google a 69 Mach 1
Mustang and then you realize how fucking
fun I mean what the fuck that the same
thing that is a monstrous beautiful sexy
ferocious nozzle you took the company
away from the engineers and you gave it
to the bean counters and the board
members who didn't you know who didn't
want to drive didn't like you saw a Ford
versus Ferrari I haven't seen it oh you
haven't seen it already go see it's
great movie great move that movie looks
like a bad company song it was right but
there's a scene in the movie where the
the heads like the CEO or whatever a
Ford goes to see Carroll Shelby and
Carroll Shelby puts him in one of his
cars and says take him out and they
scare the shit out of it like they show
the car like it's so fast and powerful
that the guys like it build one you know
but these are people like this is what
happens when you have a car company run
by people who know no shit about cars
you get a Mustang - you get an 80
horsepower Corvette that wheels fall off
just imagine that 69 Mach 1 - that mod
that Mustang - in just 10 years right
use me that's crazy
for the Mach 1 had to be like what the
if that happened to us from 2010 to 2020
happened 2010 was not that long ago
listen I'm go to the 80s when remedy
tried the front-wheel drive cars like
this
citation all of those cars those cook me
and my brother laugh about those cars
because they were such crap the citation
had a vertical radio for reason and we
there was a an Oldsmobile remember that
I don't know if you remember this the
four six eight engine that was an eight
cylinder engine that would cut off
cylinders like cut down the six it
didn't work
the theory was great that yeah you're in
v8 when you need it in a force hood but
but still have that kind of set up on
some catalyst yeah but now they have
computers in electronic fuel control
that it actually works back it was like
no that shit don't work ever a business
that's fallen so hard so fast as the
United States automobile business from
like the 60s to the 70s steel steel us
steel yeah yeah they start I think Japan
took over steel ah because I knew people
in Pittsburgh when steel went Pittsburgh
went almost bankrupt Pittsburgh had the
same fall as Detroit but they bounced
back ah
but yeah I hope that whole thing that
they used to build Camaros and Firebirds
right here in van nuys did they're
really yeah in the 80s when I moved here
the Camaro Firebird plant was in Van
Nuys it built some dogshit cars yeah
those 1980s Firebirds what in the fuck
are you a chicken man you get that big
sticker on the remember that yeah but
that they did good that's one that you
don't see enough resto mods done
correctly wreck it feels like if someone
took like a Burt Reynolds style Trans Am
yeah and did it correctly and redid it
you just don't see my look look at that
yeah if someone just did that right but
those were the cars they had a big
engine that made no power you know it
was just a big fuck big engine that
didn't make any power but God it looked
like it did look like a great car Robert
t-tops remember those oh I do remember
those you had to take your T tops off
and go to Monroe
it's funny though that was the only car
that had a painting on every hood like
that yeah yeah the Trans Am was the one
you had to get the Thunder chicken yeah
there's one in that show that I watch
Ozark yeah watch it Jamie
that guy's got a pretty badass one see
if you could find that and see Google
Trans Am from Ozarks stumble across a
spoiler I bet oh you think so you
haven't seen the Trans Am yet just just
right Trans Am I'm dude from Ozark
what's the Knight Rider
wasn't that a Trans Am or a Firebird I
think that was an 80s Firebird yeah no
that's not good it's it's a it's an
older one yeah exactly let me see what
that looks like
yeah that's pretty fucking nice yeah
he's got a pretty fucking nice one
that's rare though that you see like a
restomod like really done up Trans Am
yeah yeah the 80s
um Knight Rider was an 80s Trans Am yeah
talk to him right god damn that was a
dumb show yeah
people were just different back then
it's like if you ever wanted to prove to
people rapidly watch 80s TV shows like
drama shows the 80s was a special time
man there's so many things there's so
many things 80s Miami Vice yes
right there's so many things 80s that
were just 80s yeah yeah Miami Vice man
who didn't he what do you have a
Lamborghini or something like that or
sorority Testarossa
yeah Testarossa that way yeah the white
Testarossa with the things on the side
Crockett and Tubbs
yeah pastel suits yes with no socks they
had no socks on always look at him
loafers no socks not a bad show back
that was a Ferrari that car yeah that
was a different floor I think that was
what he had early he had that one that
and then he got the Testarossa
that's weird being the other guy though
right Oh like Don Johnson entire career
gotta suck and then you're the what will
we watch and there was some Oh
transformers was on right and you know
in the first
and the Transformers when they're in the
desert and it's like there's like five
military guys you know and then the
first three to get killed I was like
imagine being one of those guys and then
you watch Tyrese Gibson and the other
guy go on to this billion-dollar
franchise and like you got killed in the
first scene like you live
why didn't I live by the way I've been
that guy in a few movies I haven't done
I haven't done many I've done maybe five
I am very strict in my casting I can be
a security guard or a bouncer played a
security guard as a bouncer and when you
think about those kind of shows like
fast and furious like those movies how
the fuck did that happen
how do those movies make that much money
it's a simple formula but how many
people are buying that simple formula
over and over again how is it happening
because it's it's almost like a cartoon
right listen I like if the first Fast
and Furious came out it's like okay we
got cars we got women we got guns do we
even need a script do we even need a
script just turn it loose and that's
what every movie right that's yeah like
yeah just make the cars bigger make the
guns bigger make the guys bigger
drifting right okay women are hotter yep
if you watch The Fast and Furious Tokyo
Drift apparently every schoolgirl in
Japan is wearing a Catholic school
miniskirt at all times but it works it's
a simple formula look at the amount of
money it may absolutely my god 1 billion
518 million seven hundred twenty two
thousand seven hundred ninety four yes
what in the flesh oh my god that's the
one movie no but that's the Furious 7
one movie made that much money but look
it I mean their movies made over a
billion dollars yeah why wouldn't they
though it's it's a cartoon formula that
works that's amazing it's a formula that
works it's a totally six billion
worldwide flashy beauty Ed's stuff like
that you
yeah how could it not work how could it
not work alright and if I tell you I'm
the head writer if I tell you I wrote
The Fast and Furious I how you gonna
prove me wrong but that was part of the
first the first movies were muscle vs.
yeah Tudor right they even got you they
got you in the beginning you got the
muscle car no what I'm saying is but the
muscle car guy yeah they got the muscle
cars but they didn't get this movie no
not you but you know what I'm saying but
they got the muscle car fans in the
beginning and anymore
Vin Diesel drove the muscle car all the
time right he had done that dodge of
Chrysler whatever it was yeah he he had
that through like the first three movies
right you know so much about these men
oh I love watching those man Joe I love
bad movies man do you
biker boys biker thank you
biker boys has to be wanting to I just
turned someone onto it
it's laughs it's Lawrence Fishburne in a
motorcycle drag racing movie and it's
not just him Orlando III 2003
Orlando Jones is in that's Orlando Jones
are you kidding kid Rocky's in the kid
runs the white biker game it's a world
fueled by God I might just found my new
favorite movie holy shit this looks bad
that's oh there's Kid Rock would a dog
it's a life driven by respect oh my god
wait a minute that's a black dude with a
motorcycle vest why they have the same
kind of motorcycle veces like Hells
Angels which is so silly
yeah Larenz Tate right though my god
this looks bad Oh Ready Set yeah
yeah man I love I love bad car and bike
movies distant I love those and the
other bad movies are like the badass
chick like she kicks everyone's ass but
it's like a bad movie but she's badass
going through it whenever you know
whenever they're like they hit me what
you may also like me also like I want to
see it I want to see it yes you may also
like you're damn right I'm gonna oh my
god hello yeah biker boys and torque
fight towards another one torque and
biker boys were the same movie they
tried to do a fast and furious on
motorcycles now torque Stars Ice Cube
and it's like there's a white biker
group in a black biker group and ice
cubes in it and and Dane isn't it Dane
Cook's in it and just yeah they were
horrible movement they were in comic and
as a motorcycle rider they're even
better because it's even worse oh man it
was so much fun
drag race in a there you go wow that
looks yeah that's that bike is that was
actually made Leno has one of those
powered motorcycle that's a joke he
doesn't fly like that but what the hell
was that dude who was in 30 days and of
nights maybe I don't know yeah he's a
bad guy in a lot of movies really good
as a bad guy yeah come on man how do you
not watch this look at each other in
downtown LA Alonso you get to see the
bullet
dude attorney been three hours please no
man this time fly by everybody who's out
there
I gotta talk next Thursday May 7th I'm
at the doing a virtual comedy show okay
at the nowhere comedy club calm we were
going to talk about this we're talking
I'm telling you talked about earlier yep
check it out though nowhere comedy club
calm its what we're talking about I'm
doing comedy from my living room as if
there's a crowd and you guys will be the
virtual crowd and we'll have a we'll
have a great time with that Joe you know
I love this man thank you my husband
telling me I'm negative I'm happy about
that here isn't it
this was fantastic without ya you're
gonna watch biker boys cuz it's in your
head now I think I well it's in your
head and you're gonna have to see it
torque but I know he's gonna have to see
biker boys and you're gonna have to see
Laurence Fishburne drag racing a
motorcycle on a farm on a dirt road
because that's where you drag race right
Instagram so funny everything else is at
Alonzo Bodden
so it's only Instagram that so far only
integrand and notebooks we didn't even
get to talk about that we're both in oh
yeah in Smith's know we love so many
people love that to see what we did at
the beginning yeah we were bad but I
wasn't biker boys bad I'm gonna watch it
how did I not get it when you watch that
movie you're gonna be House Alonzo not
in this movie thank you